Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: bringing us back into town.
Timothy Sackton: As the days are growing long in the desert of Denmark, the heat reaching its hottest point the dry desert terrain around you longing for the relief that the summer thunderstorms that come falling the music monsoons bring.
Timothy Sackton: dawn comes to a.
Timothy Sackton: Very changed caraway.
Timothy Sackton: You awake in your camp on the edge of the oasis still the Center.
Timothy Sackton: public square of kairos to the sounds of hope the chatter of people mixing mud into bricks to drive in the sun, the bag of hammers as rubble is broken into smaller pieces to be cleared, or we used for new construction the regular click of shovels as dirt is Doug for building materials.
Timothy Sackton: It seems that overnight, the news of a goddess death and the restoration of safety to Carola even though many don't know exactly how that safety is provided has traveled throughout the few people who remain in the village.
Timothy Sackton: And news has already left riders have already left to Tokyo try to tell the refugees that it's safe to come home.
Timothy Sackton: And you awaken to a bounty of what little meager fruit and meat is still available in town pile outside your Captain thanks.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody who, you see, as you begin the morning writing out of town greed see with praise and joy and thanks for.
Timothy Sackton: Your deeds bringing.
Timothy Sackton: Bringing protection back to this part of the world.
Timothy Sackton: Center and her daughter Jimmy now safe back in the template should Kuhn, we should coons heart with them don't emerge to greet you as you leave, but all of you can still feel her presence growing stronger and more forceful overnight, as the Web show coons power.
Timothy Sackton: has grown and connected to the restored harder.
Timothy Sackton: With seeker and well be having asked to have your connections to the heart cauterized and an ended, so as not to be a continual drain on its power can feel.
Timothy Sackton: This sort of sense this magic slowly fading in your consciousness as the memories of this web among the Miss die.
Timothy Sackton: become hard for you to concentrate on other memories of your adventures remain when you try and recall the details of.
Timothy Sackton: What chickens heart is you find your may mind slipping away from that knowledge kenzo and drink God intending to be fully bound into this web of power when.
Timothy Sackton: When you return and can go through the full initiation ritual can feel it growing stronger becoming more real and real and substantial, then you could have imagined before, and you can actually almost see the sort of i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of energy creeping out across the land and inching out from Kerala towards the border and with each pulse of the heart this this power stretches a little bit further, and you can feel your connection to it begin to have a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: As dawn broke, you said goodbye to Ken dros.
Timothy Sackton: Who.
Timothy Sackton: brought us small car.
Timothy Sackton: Leading.
Timothy Sackton: A document pulling a small car laden with what supplies, he could find and, just in case it turns out to matter like foods kind of short in town.
Timothy Sackton: You whatever rations you had before were swept away as you never actually like you know where's your camp was abandoned in the desert but baxter despite his cleverness and dexterity was not able to pack up everything you had left with the horses.
Timothy Sackton: So just put yourself at five rations for everybody.
Timothy Sackton: or i'll say six rations which is just enough to get there and back if you don't dawdle.
Eric Rosenbaum: What where's that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you it's just on your equipment just give yourself six rations i'm Just to give you a little time pressure, not to go herring off into the desert without a plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with you as I need to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Can dress I also brought what what stories he could gather have.
Timothy Sackton: A goddess laron and few are willing to speak openly of this or I admit the head God and especially among the Miss die he believes that, in fact, few had that fewer non had actually been to the layer of those who.
Timothy Sackton: were in town and you did not want to wait for refugees to return and the sort of larger population and try to circle back so that you could.
Timothy Sackton: You know, give.
Timothy Sackton: asked for more information, but, but he did report a few things that were relevant so one thing is everybody the sort of common understanding that many people stay or the rumor that many have heard, is that the approach to Augustus lair is lined with a row of dead trees in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And when she was alive.
Timothy Sackton: supplicants, asking for her favorite would be led to these dead trees to this path by um by flies or Scorpions who would appear as a swarm out of the desert when you traveled South for Ambassador and lead you to this path.
Timothy Sackton: But kendra is a suspects and you suspect as well that this was some.
Timothy Sackton: Some some sign of the will of God town is probably no longer there but, but the line of trees may remain and would be a landmark The other thing that can dress this as as the lyric can only be approached from the north.
Timothy Sackton: If you circle around and approach it from the South, it is not there, what that means, nobody really knows, but those who have.
Timothy Sackton: Gone exploring trying to find a secret hidden path to a goddess layer have never succeeded and found just tried desert instead.
Timothy Sackton: So now, as you write a parallel with that information in the dawn light there's no avoiding the thoughts of the journey ahead that.
Timothy Sackton: trial potential trials of a God is there and what may be hidden there what may need to be recovered are protected before wandering in the desert stumble upon it for good or ill.
Timothy Sackton: Who is trapped their turn to wood and bad in a curse tied to the small carve statues you carry now recovered from a goddess person can they be saved.
Timothy Sackton: And what dangers are traps prepared for unwary guests may still lurk in her lair now days after her death.
Timothy Sackton: So as.
Timothy Sackton: You travel now out of the out of the desert it's about it's about a two day journey to the ruins of basketball, and then the layer is maybe a half a day journey.
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly, the rumor the layers maybe a half a day journey south.
Timothy Sackton: South from basket.
Timothy Sackton: And the road is is quiet and and those of you who have.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo and record as you as you leave terroir.
Timothy Sackton: writing on the road to bass outta um.
Timothy Sackton: You can almost feel chicagoans power traveling with you, and you can feel the.
Timothy Sackton: The you can almost see the the nets kind of reinventing themselves and and moving out from the desert slowly.
Timothy Sackton: And you feel safer riding in the desert than you have before.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is quiet.
John Leeker: it's hot.
Timothy Sackton: it's dry, this is the hottest and dry as time of the year, as the sun is in the sky for the days are long and the.
Timothy Sackton: And it's been now almost nine months since the last rains.
Timothy Sackton: But there's a sense of.
Timothy Sackton: there's a sense of peace.
Timothy Sackton: That YouTube especially feel that you that you have not felt before on this road.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm in the interest of time i'm was thinking of just fast forwarding the journey to bass it out, but what you want to identify two items.
Timothy Sackton: got it.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: On the first day of your journey, what would you like to identify.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should be looking Oh, I see a signal from kenza.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yeah.
I think he's rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers been kind of poking at them disgustingly but now one morning of the journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: puts on the purple goggles and and gazes at them intently he sort of sets the Tongue down in the dust and puts the goggles on to stare at them from a foot away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, just like kind of crushing also like not getting close, but just with the staff like looking at it like.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as you do this um.
Timothy Sackton: You you get a sense.
Timothy Sackton: You get a sense from the necklace.
Timothy Sackton: That each of these tongues was once in a creature.
Timothy Sackton: And that they those creatures were ritually slaughtered to produce this item.
Timothy Sackton: And what it does, is it is literally a necklace of tongues each each dead.
Timothy Sackton: humanoid or some of them are not actually humanoids.
Timothy Sackton: Each dead.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see what languages are.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So each creature that was killed for to create this necklace.
Timothy Sackton: gave the ability to speak their native tongue to whoever is wearing and attuned to the item.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you start it with the with the goggles you can see the tongue is kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Expensive expanding a little in and and growing and becoming flesh again and you can't recognize every one, but there are a number of human tongues does one that's clearly a half land.
Timothy Sackton: there's one that seems to be some kind of giant bird.
Timothy Sackton: there's one that looks like one of those know creatures you killed once.
Timothy Sackton: A few more that you can't that you can't readily identify, but you guess there's at least there's 12345.
Timothy Sackton: There are 14 tongues in this.
Timothy Sackton: necklace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's that plus the sector command.
Eric Rosenbaum: very powerful combo.
Mike: know that, while the Center command speaks its commands and all possible tongues.
Oh, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they just have different.
Timothy Sackton: useful, so what this does is while you're wearing and attend to the necklace you can.
Timothy Sackton: speak and understand any language that is the native tongue of a creature who's tongue as part of the necklace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Mike: that's really useful but also.
Timothy Sackton: The protons are added to the next class by a ritual that requires eight hours of time and the sacrifice of a living creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa heavy.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pick it up and stare at it thinking about if I were to where it would I would need to do to it first maybe I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: break it up in leather or something like that to make it behind the tongues a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: cover it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because i'm a little uncomfortable with it, but the the power of it is evident.
Timothy Sackton: There is that.
Timothy Sackton: it's on DVD beyond there's the item.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will add it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be will say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I want to take the hassling turned off of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: You do.
Not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): write to us the creature like that, besides it's a closed length, we only teach it to the people who want to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I were to put this on right now I could reply.
Eric Rosenbaum: In some snarky way to your comment in the Tongue but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we might.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps rethink the use of this, all together, then, because these are.
Eric Rosenbaum: remains of thinking beings after all.
Eric Rosenbaum: attached to this necklace not just to have fun, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Conscious minds that could speak languages of all sorts represented here, perhaps we should simply give it a burial.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't instead find it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike: I think the.
Mike: What we should do.
Mike: We should show it to the mirror and find out who's tongues they were and how they died.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great idea.
Mike: and remove those like baffling for who.
Mike: It feels.
Mike: That the demon creatures that we've been hunting for the last three months, I cannot find any sympathy for that right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: agree well the ability to be able to communicate with them and learn more and what's happened also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then.
Mike: To the extent that.
Mike: A bissell the fiends from.
Mike: Other planes I I cannot find sympathy for them either right, to the extent that i'll get to sacrifice our enemies to this so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I say dealt with you're making a moralistic argument on the basis that certain categories of creatures, because of the actions of creatures in general in that category deserve to have the remains desecrated of individual creatures, who may not have participated in those that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps that's too nuanced and argue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): evil is genetic in this war.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, be.
Mike: Sure matt was trying to change that but she was defeated.
Timothy Sackton: I mean Okay, so you would all know that, like there is definitely there are definitely some.
Timothy Sackton: Things like I mean demons are evil that's not those are not separable things that are no demons that are like you know reject their demon heritage and try.
Timothy Sackton: To do good right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why not.
Why.
Timothy Sackton: because those are fundamentally tied together they're not they're not from this world they're from another plane and.
Timothy Sackton: The whole essence of that plane is evil.
Mike: But presumably a feed to try to reject the essence of their plane would either disintegrate or become something else.
Timothy Sackton: would cease to become a feed right like.
Timothy Sackton: it's, not to say that it's completely impossible to say that they couldn't remain a fiend and do that.
Timothy Sackton: They could seek redemption, but it would have to involve becoming something that wasn't the feet and.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas, for example, you do know that.
Timothy Sackton: While you've heard rumors for example of orcs that have thrown off their divine shackles and are.
Timothy Sackton: Farmers farmers.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Right so whether evil is genetic depends on what kind of evil you're speaking of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I certainly like the idea of using the mirror to understand more about the nature of each of these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tongue sit before we make any decisions.
Mike: I also think some of these languages may help us in the short, I think the the half Lang perhaps to our fish.
Mike: tank tongues should be removed.
Mike: before we do anything.
Mike: And perhaps the chart dhoni and done by the human tongues as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there dwarfing tongue.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so the list of language.
Mike: of looking at.
Mike: This, and so what that thing i'm looking at the wink TIM posted which has the list of.
Eric Rosenbaum: tongues.
Timothy Sackton: that's all for the list of tongues here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my gosh that's crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: giant eagle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pretty awesome.
To.
Eric Rosenbaum: investigate investigating the construction of the thing is there a way to safely remove some tongues Maybe you can reverse.
Timothy Sackton: make an investigation check our economy, I think doesn't the same plus for you.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: You can definitely so so each tongue is strong on on this piece of copper like just a copper wire and there's a class, but the back, and you can see that the tongues are sort of.
Timothy Sackton: shriveled onto the onto the wire, but could certainly be just caught and removed, and as far as you can tell you don't think that would affect the magic of the tongues that remain.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's not trivial to the cute the humans dwarves and half links, you can identify.
Timothy Sackton: um it's not straightforward to tell which tongue matches with which other language.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everybody stick.
Mike: Presumably, which human is which right.
Timothy Sackton: You can't tell which humans, which at all right, you can tell the three human tongues there's a dwarf and Tom is a half link tongue and there's a bunch of stuff you don't really know.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no elven tongue.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: More.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting a mission.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike: Others are hard to find and harder to kill.
Eric Rosenbaum: They don't voluntarily part with their.
Timothy Sackton: Parts of it's a good thing I got that didn't find dealt with, for God to had found out with instead of.
Timothy Sackton: Poverty and over us.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not averse.
Eric Rosenbaum: They found.
Timothy Sackton: Wherever they found out with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wandering in the desert oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pre pre campaign, I will quickly modify the necklace removing.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like how do I choose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were just going to earn really removing all of the other tongues just to do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well he's gonna be pretty insistent about the hassle.
Eric Rosenbaum: But hell.
Eric Rosenbaum: out, you know real.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): opinion about the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will move the hassling tongue.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: stay open about teacher modifications.
Mike: I think you should remove the dwarves and as well, you speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do speak towards open.
John Leeker: The door door and tongue could be from a different the dwarf could have done another language right is it the languages, the keeper of the tongue.
John Leeker: Or is it the racial languages.
Timothy Sackton: it's the.
Timothy Sackton: Secret understanding from the magic of the item is is the, it is the native tongue of the creature.
Timothy Sackton: The native language of the creature his tongue is attached to the necklace.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there, there must be multiple native Torben language now.
Timothy Sackton: there's just one driven language.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then I can safely remove that one as well, yes.
Timothy Sackton: All the all the firstborn races, the magic of the firstborn means they only ever speak one like I mean the language doesn't evolve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or But what if what if what if if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seekers on around i'm going to speak word.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we could we could put it back rick find a dwarfing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's an argument you know it's like.
Mike: It feels like.
Mike: feels like the wrong way to learn that.
Mike: The language that is not usually taught, I mean I guess dwarfing is taught to others it's not like super and comments Torben right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's not uncommon at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not secretive in that same way that apparently.
Mike: exactly that it it, it still feels like.
Mike: The.
wrong way to learn something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look, I mean I think if we're getting into this moralistic philosophical discussion dealt with like all of the items that we've acquired and deal with, I mean we want to look into the history of each of these items and question whether our use of them is morally sound I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that we can move on.
Mike: I will hour later we agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: to store the Tongue necklace sands halfway tongue in my path event of an emergency, we may need to use it, regardless of the moral concerns in the event of a less emergence linguistic need, perhaps we can consider.
Eric Rosenbaum: That time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we could use it to save a life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perhaps we could use an evil thing to prevent.
Eric Rosenbaum: In exchange for a contract.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I agree, I stashed the tongues hoping to silence them temporarily at least.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Great the rest of the day passes and, eventually, as you travel South along the road through the desert i'm making camp about halfway to basketball.
Timothy Sackton: Along the side of this path, and this is still.
Timothy Sackton: There is still, nobody else who is quite yet brave enough to venture out to.
Timothy Sackton: resettle bass.
Timothy Sackton: So this is a the road is pretty empty.
Timothy Sackton: And you haven't really you haven't passed any travelers or, for that matter, seen anything moving in the air or the beyond a few.
Timothy Sackton: Small.
Timothy Sackton: Small birds and a couple, not the giant filters, but just normal size like desert filters and i'm one Hawk it's been a quiet day as you make a camp for the evening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When when we make him, though i'm going to ask.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I see that shadow bow of yours again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The last time I hold it you give me a strange vision.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The place of what sort of familiar and curious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's trying to get again.
Of course.
Mike: That will.
Mike: REACH into thin air and pulling out of the sky and handed to you don't know if this is the same one whatever weapon i'm thinking of just.
Mike: Is there when I reach.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hold it and try to open myself to whatever comes next.
Make.
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: i'll send you a message just takes you a few minutes, so, while be sort of sitting on the side hold in this bow if anybody else wants to do anything at Camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM I send you a damn about something.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I saw that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can hold off for.
Timothy Sackton: That kind of a lot to get through, for this session I think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay.
um.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was my thing that was going to sidetrack us so hold off on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although, to be fair, it probably would take less time than a.
Eric Rosenbaum: debate about the morals of tongues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Admittedly, also, that was my fault or police depart.
Mike: now know that one was my fault.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nobody's fault.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get to his fault, obviously.
Timothy Sackton: descent your message shorts so the the evening.
Timothy Sackton: continues down with you know, cooks up some food and stuff as.
Timothy Sackton: As well be continues to kind of focus on this this this weapon.
Mike: In the meantime Dallas just sort of fingering the Center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tells us like looking at well be looking at dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can get seeker, we can get dealt with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By watching him fingering the Center.
John Leeker: Your cards vaguely confused that concerned about everything you've seen right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To their adela.
Mike: thinking.
Mike: something about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels very helpful to complete your sentence.
Mike: It feels i'm comfortable in my hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe you shouldn't be the one carrying it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Back to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's funny I think this might have been helped by Catholic before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hundreds of years ago, more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was weird us in a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pool in the shadow of force with moonlight China and other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People carrying a deer towards this pool I was watching them do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've always had these visions, when you hold up that's well you.
know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something funny about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But just just the shadow of the objects from food from deluxe shadowlands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was the only one i've held.
Mike: hands you a shadow.
Mike: shadow dagger.
Mike: Does this also seem.
Mike: any hint of familiarity.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know whether it's something about the bow or something about your personal connection to bows in general, or just.
Timothy Sackton: something about the vision you saw but the dagger doesn't seem to trigger anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do these shadow things come from Dallas.
Mike: it's hard to explain.
Mike: It.
Mike: feels like i'm.
Mike: Pulling something from another dimension.
Mike: From another place separated from here just by a thin wall, I can reach through.
Mike: that's like.
Mike: I said again.
Mike: it's like an armories whatever whatever I think of it's there.
Mike: it's not I don't even know if it's the same every time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And marked it and put it back in can you pull out the same one.
Mike: I haven't tried, although I mean delta's weapons aren't regular weapons right there like pure blackness that look.
Mike: Completely unreal and hard to mark.
Mike: Oh fellas will take a sword any ideas, how to bark this kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you put other objects that are these shadow weapons in there into that other plan.
Mike: yeah put a tie, a string around.
Timothy Sackton: And then, and then make.
Mike: It back and then.
Timothy Sackton: Take it a string just.
Timothy Sackton: falls to the ground.
Mike: out when I put it back the string just falls to the ground yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the weapons are substantial they're made of some physical.
Eric Rosenbaum: material.
Mike: They they have the weight, such that they don't throw you off, but.
Mike: I don't know if they're really made of a physical material, I mean is is.
Mike: magical force a physical material.
Mike: And you always things that.
Mike: That they act with the force of magic not with the force of a of a sore.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Right.
Mike: This is work doesn't cut you because it's sharp cuts you because it's magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do they float.
Mike: i've never thought to try.
Mike: Science science night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because.
Mike: Actually that's it right yeah.
Mike: i'll come in a dagger and drop it in a water skin does it float.
Timothy Sackton: mean you don't I guess you've got you must have like a barrel of water.
Timothy Sackton: In your on your horse.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's like a normal dagger it sinks, to the bottom.
Timothy Sackton: seems to have the weight of of a normal dagger.
Mike: Ariel jada was my character in high school if you're missing the button.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this veil into this shadow world that you can simply reach your hand through as always.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I was traveling around with you, you have access to it at any moment.
Mike: seems like it's a it's always there, yes, the shadow realm I think is is always next to us it's always its present like a mirror of Togolese that's my theory.
Mike: Always always here, wherever I get wherever anybody is, and I just can reach through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm glad to learn of these things, but I must admit, it does not fit in my system of the world as it stands, I will need to revise once again.
Mike: But.
John Leeker: Because I can't imagine a place without nature this this.
John Leeker: it's very disconcerting for him as he's listening in the background to this.
John Leeker: But.
Mike: To be honest, I know very little about how this.
Mike: This works, I feel.
Mike: The energy of my magic come from the same source mediated, perhaps through.
Mike: creature up.
Mike: This being that has spoken to me once or twice.
John Leeker: Does it have to do weapons can you pull other things.
Mike: Only weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: you've tried.
Mike: yeah.
Mike: it's not it's an armory it's not a it's not a it's not just a place of all things.
Mike: But of course my my little creative a floating hand I mean you see.
Mike: creates hands the same, I feel the same energy flowing through me when I do that as I do, when I pull the pull the weapon from this shadow realm.
Mike: it's the same source of power somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just a thought, but maybe we should alternate who carries that Center.
Mike: very concerned about it, it comes out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Certain that you're so comfortable with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A weapon that was used to bring the ancient empires to heal.
Eric Rosenbaum: To command entire armies.
Mike: I did not.
Mike: feel that it was i'm.
Mike: Sorry, so negative.
Mike: That the elves and the ancient drink Koreans share.
Mike: desire to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dominate.
Mike: push back the darkness and defeat those things that would.
Mike: This dropped and destroy the.
Timothy Sackton: Peaceful lives of.
Mike: Farmers and.
Mike: Fishermen and traders and merchants and.
Mike: feels Alvin away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know they'll with growing up in charleston that's all I ever heard from the char Tony ins was peace and knowledge and intellect all the while all of me and my comrades were dealing with the new tainted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Effects of their magic so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just you know I don't necessarily feel like those types of words are manifesting deeds.
Mike: The target audience, I think, are.
You.
Mike: Bad imitation of the drink Koreans, which were in turn a bad imitation of the hour.
Mike: don't don't tar.
Mike: Tired the Alvin.
Mike: don't totally ourselves with your human missteps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we're just about ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you were to rank the races.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dell, it is this, you have you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know or else though you don't get hurt their set apart from everything else.
Mike: rank is too crass and competitive it's not it's not the goal of.
Mike: me or any other Alf to be better than are superior to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The healing manifestly are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you're leading to are.
Mike: Very human out attitude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can say you were the one that just said that drank quite that elves or security or to drink Koreans were then imitations of charter, so I don't know.
That.
Mike: The drink Koreans the chart audience.
Mike: I said, there are there are bad.
Mike: Imitation that that's, not to say they are the drink Korean empire surpassed even the Alpha.
Mike: Bad not in the sense of weaker necessarily or the sense of.
Mike: You know the.
Mike: inferior but bad in the sense of corrupted by their variety humans don't have the guiding light of America and the connection to all life through our.
Timothy Sackton: manifestation of the North.
Mike: All the nor to keep them honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know i'm starting to feel a lot more like seeker made to be a better a better one, to hold this sector.
Mike: yeah I wish you would trust me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm starting to trust us to be very honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: feel that any use of this sector should be something that we agree on, as a group.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be hard to keep it in trust between us, someone has to carry it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would trust you to carry it sticker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have my own aspirations to lead armies, who don't we all, but I think i'd ask for everyone's thoughts before I did anything rash, so I certainly would volunteer if you asked it of me, as a group, to take care of this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are your thoughts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trusted to don't still I mean you talk so if enough because that's What else do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Of course they think they're better than everyone else.
Eric Rosenbaum: which works see ourselves as set apart from all others yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: same with them that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have no better than these other races, but he's really the best.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I agree that that we should agree as a group not to use this thing until we all agree on the seats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that seem fair, though.
Mike: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could be used quite easily, for instance.
Eric Rosenbaum: to master the group itself should someone at any given moment, decided that that was necessary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what's The thing that because tensile can read window what was lying and telling the truth and see lines now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
make an inside check.
Timothy Sackton: message methods calm.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the meantime, while he's reading that i'm using Ai to generate an image of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: necklace of tongues and let me tell you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I read riding horses, whatever every walking, what are we doing right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're talking and riding horses yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No, no urine camp late.
Mike: night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's fucking set there.
John Leeker: Why are you.
John Leeker: Why not just destroy it.
John Leeker: it's really more evil than one hassling tongue.
Mike: was not made for evil.
Mike: The jackhammer Koreans did not make this too.
Mike: I don't believe they made it to dominate others they made it to inspire leadership is not always.
Mike: corrupt.
Mike: The emperor's of drink oh we're not all power mad.
Mike: we're not all power mad I guess that's the end of the sentence hold on Let me finish writing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh geez.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is it taking so under a.
Mike: lot of why is it easy SS i'm just trying to find the right.
Order flow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is like is like slowly as like gripping his staff, like a little more tightly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM to secret know a story and board and lower of a time when.
Eric Rosenbaum: an item with the power to manipulate people, whereas other otherwise so powerful needed to be kept.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why should pick it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: In a trustworthy really person's hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should make that up.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: can think of something similar but different.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ideally, in the form of goggles action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: never thought that has a soul said, one of our own party members.
Mike: Are kind of white none of you trust out.
Mike: you're just prejudiced against ductus.
John Leeker: Sure cod is thinking of how his villages run themselves, which are all consensus based, how can you use consensus to decide to use a weapon that overrides consensus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay kenzo kenza sort of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo sort of relaxes a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: goes back to the dinner.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the ancient history of my people there is a story of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: monocle of truth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Through which one could look into the soul of another.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed, their inner secrets many.
Eric Rosenbaum: murders were done over the possession of this object and in the end.
Eric Rosenbaum: A priesthood came to hold it under strict rulings, as to how it changed hands, because.
Eric Rosenbaum: People don't necessarily.
Eric Rosenbaum: need or want to know the absolute inner truth of each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in that case.
Eric Rosenbaum: It wasn't something to be taken lightly as to just who could control it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I like that sucker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe you dealt with, but I also still think it wouldn't be a bad idea to have other people carry it for a little while to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can we can deal with that later.
Timothy Sackton: Just Out of curiosity who's carrying the.
Timothy Sackton: The rings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of curiosity.
Mike: I mean dealt with had although happy to get the drink Korean ring dealt with was.
Timothy Sackton: Carrying carrying okay.
Mike: who's.
Timothy Sackton: Already overwhelming.
John Leeker: But that's me I was the one.
John Leeker: fixating on it and forgetting about setting on and forgetting about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's in a pocket somewhere or is it.
Mike: sobering I should be dealt with might actually be where unless anybody thinks it's a.
Mike: bad idea delta probably wearing the drink Korean.
Mike: Not attuned to it so like didn't do anything to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does not matter right.
Mike: Now it is.
Timothy Sackton: that's magic.
Mike: Just to see if anything if it helps us understand what it does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The drink Koreans were human right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike: But they had like this connection to the ALS right like there was the whole elven dead elven advisors and like didn't cry was like drink Korean is people were like drink Cory in some fashion.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning.
Timothy Sackton: You wake up early as the sun rises to another hot dry day.
Timothy Sackton: And you have about another 2025 miles of riding through the dust along the dusty road before you reach the ruins of bass you to where you plan to camp for the night before setting off south to look for a goddess lair.
Timothy Sackton: it's another.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet journey, although you seem to now on your second day of travel have slightly outpaced the growing.
Timothy Sackton: The growing web of chicagoans protection that drip cod and kenzo can still feel now behind them.
Timothy Sackton: So you sort of leave this or have piece that you have been feeling yesterday, as you continue to travel.
Timothy Sackton: But the road is still empty and and no signs of disturbance until you reach the.
Timothy Sackton: The now barren and quiet ruins of of bass into the bodies that had been left for dead after the knoll attack, a few months ago now, all buried many with your help.
Timothy Sackton: That the town itself in ruins largely burned, but the main temple still providing to yep to shelter and and rest.
Timothy Sackton: As you make your evening camp there, do you want to identify another item.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm weighing in one in each hand glass bottle with a buzzing sound and a piece of amber with a spider trapped inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: something about the spider that I don't like.
Mike: I think the spider.
Mike: see what it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll take a closer look.
Timothy Sackton: This is spider.
Timothy Sackton: So when you look at this.
Timothy Sackton: This this piece what what what you can tell when you when you start with your goggles is that it is um.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost as if there is a.
Timothy Sackton: Within the spider inside this piece of ember there's a web that's been magically sort of compacted and compressed and wound tight like a spring waiting to break open.
Timothy Sackton: So as a single use item, you could throw it up to 30 feet and when it does it has the effect of a web spell.
Timothy Sackton: it's just called it's called amber web it's on D amp D beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's traps people in place to the biggest.
Timothy Sackton: Traps people in place with the web.
Mike: The web smells for.
Mike: Basically, does what you think it does.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but it's a one use thing once you use it it breaks open in the Web springs out of that and it's.
John Leeker: difficult than it is, I can tangle.
Mike: web is fairly similar to entangle.
Timothy Sackton: Its.
Timothy Sackton: Second yeah but.
Timothy Sackton: differences that when you it's it last well in this case, this item doesn't require concentration that last for a minute and.
Timothy Sackton: But in any case web, well, it remains anybody who enters the the Web or starts their turn in the Web has to make a saving throw or be restrained, whereas untangle just is a one shot like you use that and then.
Timothy Sackton: it's like anybody who's restrained is still restrained until they escape, but if you walk into it again you're not So why was like an ongoing it's like untangle ongoing ever return basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wouldn't mind holding on to this one if others don't mind seems like a useful emergency measure.
Mike: yeah.
Mike: I think.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's amber Web.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool item.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see, let me just reorder this.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: um anything else you want to do this evening.
Mike: nope.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh practice shooting from on top of well read, just as, like a standard thing going forward.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a make a check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 so joins you and basically like he he he also is starting to train more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With his horse and is doing just kind of crazy shit with this horse like riding with it swimming switching around on either side, standing on it, just like kind of training, some acrobatics with his horse.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're getting there it's probably going to take another you know another.
Timothy Sackton: Week, maybe of practice well be but but but baxter's definitely like you're you're sort of figuring out the motions like how he means when you pull your bow and things like that you're definitely making progress.
John Leeker: What is baxter again.
Mike: and actually.
gotta.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a seven foot tall flightless bird.
Mike: yeah yeah basically a velociraptor.
Eric Rosenbaum: With others.
Timothy Sackton: Well velociraptor.
Mike: bill I did have feathers.
Mike: bigger than.
Timothy Sackton: it's more like a Catholic.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So the next morning ah.
Timothy Sackton: Another hot sunny day as you wake before dawn.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: what's your plan.
Timothy Sackton: Here is where you would you know, a goddess layer is half a day's journey south.
Timothy Sackton: But nobody knows exactly where except this landmark the light of trees, and you know you can only approach it from the north, if you come from the south it's not there.
Mike: i'm.
John Leeker: And I send a bird ahead with while companion.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: I mean again.
Timothy Sackton: Half a day's journey would be like 10 to.
Timothy Sackton: 15 miles.
John Leeker: So I haven't for three hours gonna burn make that come back in time.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: couldn't make it there and back.
Timothy Sackton: That would be 20 miles in three hours that's that's sort of implausible.
Timothy Sackton: But.
John Leeker: We could make it there closer yeah.
John Leeker: or when we start walking with as we get closer I can send the bird out when appropriate to give us a heads up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you want to just head south.
Mike: mean.
Mike: Think, so do we have a better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I tried calling a bird.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To see if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They know where the slider trees things.
Timothy Sackton: yeah make an animal handling check, I mean the dawn is a good time, although you're more likely to find like smaller animals like bus killer animals than to find.
Timothy Sackton: Like hawks or.
Timothy Sackton: or vultures that would sort of desert air but but there's definitely animals around, and you can you attract with some.
Timothy Sackton: You know little bits of your of your food.
Timothy Sackton: Most most plausible early morning candidate is a.
Timothy Sackton: Actually there's just in the sort of pre dawn light there's some BATs that are flying back to their recent from hunting insects over the air over the.
Timothy Sackton: The evening, and you managed to.
Timothy Sackton: attract one down by like you know, making cheering noises that make you sound like an insect and it flies around in your face sort of confused.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh well, Philip at seeing trees.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it impolite to say about the same things I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Most BATs BATs a better vision than people give him credit for, they just.
Timothy Sackton: it's just easier to have little insects, if you can track them in a dark.
Timothy Sackton: So it it doesn't it does.
Timothy Sackton: Get the.
Timothy Sackton: idea of what you're asking and.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not super clear on distance, but it does does communicate, you know south.
Timothy Sackton: Right and within within their sort of night.
Timothy Sackton: nights right like basically the sense, you get is the kind of the so these BATs living have have resulted in the ruins of basketball.
Timothy Sackton: And the tree the sort of area where the trees are about as far south as they got.
Timothy Sackton: In.
Timothy Sackton: In their sort of nightly journeys to find food, but, but the food is bad.
Timothy Sackton: So maybe 10 miles South from here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Food is bad there.
John Leeker: huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meaning insects.
Timothy Sackton: insects yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets thinking about this and.
Eric Rosenbaum: takes out a.
Eric Rosenbaum: pouch that you don't usually see among his possessions and, as he opens that there's an accurate smell it's awful it's this kind of pick up stuff and he.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spread some on his neck cringing it's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: insect repellents he says i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A little worried about this, I.
Eric Rosenbaum: hate bugs.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, seem to be a hobby of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe she's.
John Leeker: Either the bugs taste add.
Eric Rosenbaum: something wrong.
John Leeker: Well, I was rocked it in the state of dunmore.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have plenty of the stuff anybody wants it smells really bad.
Mike: No, thank you.
Mike: So we saw the why of the bird saw the line of trees, is that what we were saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: The BAT yeah.
Mike: The bad side of the BAT yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's about 10 miles south, and it has bad insects.
Mike: Probably undead in sex.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh don't say that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I.
Mike: think we had there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's got the wooden statues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hearing okay those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I trust secretive carry everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong.
Timothy Sackton: So you had South and that the desert or you're you're just traveling with all your gear and camp and everything.
Timothy Sackton: I see him or are you leaving Stephen bassett.
Mike: I mean, most of the stuff we left it.
Timothy Sackton: Right just your food in your horses basically.
yeah.
Mike: Is there an advantage and approaching on foot.
Thanks so.
Mike: It might be worth leaving a cache of food, though, just in case.
Mike: Our horses get spooked or something goes horribly wrong.
Mike: So that we're not left out here, with nothing.
John Leeker: Your car nods as an experienced travel in the wilderness, we should probably set something aside, just in case.
John Leeker: The long.
John Leeker: Long walk back.
John Leeker: The desert is dry.
John Leeker: and water is heavy.
Mike: yeah I think we should set aside wake.
Mike: half our food.
and water.
Mike: Well, hidden in some cat is something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know yeah.
Mike: Then I think going forward on horses probably makes sense we'll cover ground faster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get escape.
Mike: If we have to run be able to run faster.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: baxter travel south.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: After you know even a are you going, you know, on horseback you're not going to be super stealthy, no matter what you do, or you put a you just like you know, trying to be at least a little quiet, or just pushing as fast as you can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you still be approaches good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think, as we've done in the past, but I think you know either well beyond myself doing some reconnaissance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Using some other no.
Mike: I mean how close.
Mike: Like.
Mike: what's the horizon what's the chart the terrain leg.
Timothy Sackton: Or we get it no yeah he is kind of Kenyans.
Timothy Sackton: Right, I mean you're sort of rocky desert at this point you're not in the sort of open barren barren sands of the garden jolla desert, which is to the south and the and the East, a little bit from here, so, so this is kind of like the kind of badlands scrub lands.
Timothy Sackton: You know you can't be you can't be.
Timothy Sackton: You know this, this kind of desert basically.
John Leeker: I can send a bird ahead to communicate back to us once we are three hours round trip out, I have the bird for three hours.
John Leeker: Right.
John Leeker: i'm sorry has time to fly there and fly back, we can get.
A little more context.
Mike: Basically I was thinking, could we get within two or three miles of the liner.
Mike: trees, without being.
Mike: Without writing fast, but without being very visible just by trying to stay behind rocks and go into the bottoms of Kenyans.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can kind of navigate a little I mean it gets more open, as you go further south right um.
Timothy Sackton: But around pass you to.
Mike: Basically I thinking if we get to the point where we can see the line of trees on the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's.
Mike: gonna be easy for us to like we'd like to get as close as possible before it's like hey look there's the line of trees right ahead movement will be more obvious than we get, then we may be we've the horses sending the bird.
Timothy Sackton: So so after about two and a half hours of travel kind of maybe three hours of travel so so like you know, maybe nine in the morning, having left right at dawn.
Timothy Sackton: You know, picking your way to the rocky desert, you can see, you can see, ahead of you now, as you sort of come through this rocky terrain um.
Timothy Sackton: there's no there's not been any plant life, but you can see a had this line of trees, maybe, maybe about two two and a half miles distance to the south.
Timothy Sackton: And there's no other features in the landscape it's not like it's a line of trees that leads to anywhere it's just this line of dead trees, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: You know 15 or so dead trees that form a path like lining two sides of a road like.
Timothy Sackton: Like in Italy, those like roads that have Cypress trees along the side right.
Timothy Sackton: But there's no other obvious landmarks.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the past I know i've been wanting to advocate cautious or round about approach.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we did ourselves take care of our data.
Eric Rosenbaum: So whatever is here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's I mean do we have a good we have ways to identify traps I can't imagine this place is not trapped.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magically turn out and otherwise.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could.
Eric Rosenbaum: create something like you all remember or most of you remember taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bunny rabbit.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could create a.
Eric Rosenbaum: bunny rabbit out of thin air to scout ahead for us and to we could just observe what happens to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how it feels good but also do we have ways of dispelling enchantments.
Timothy Sackton: cast the spell magic.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How did a got to get to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know, but your presumption was she flew on the giant fly.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which an attention seeker could always do, or I guess, even while we could do it go get help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wondering, perhaps like if perhaps knows her nose or fly it's not possible that it's only visible from the air, possible to approach or.
Eric Rosenbaum: An interesting thought so one of us could take the fly up and over the trees, just to look down and see what we see.
Mike: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that idea you practice fine with that thing yet seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't played with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've been i'm curious but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe now is the moment to give it a try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have a sense of how frequently you can use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: every couple of days can be used for 12 hours every two days.
Timothy Sackton: What is once you once you give it the command it turns into the fly it lasts as a fly until it falls as your hip points 12 hours passes, or you command it to turn back into stone and then.
Timothy Sackton: Once it's been used to can't be used for another two days.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, on the one hand, they useful means of escape, but only for one person.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the other hand, we might use it for.
Eric Rosenbaum: surveillance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, can we use your cards bird initially first surveillance and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Learn we can learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: sure.
John Leeker: i'll be close enough for me to send the bird.
yep.
John Leeker: I send the bird I summon the bird and then I.
John Leeker: send it to the scout ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it flies over the trees and flowers around for bed, and I mean you can see it flying.
Timothy Sackton: Right and flies back and.
Timothy Sackton: What it actually make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: I guess i'll say just use your perception i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So, so this line of trees that seems to go up a hill and then.
Timothy Sackton: Stop.
Timothy Sackton: In like the bear desert hell and there's nothing else around.
John Leeker: We assume that the layer is in the hill or beneath that.
John Leeker: And it can only be approached from the norse.
John Leeker: How big is the hill.
Timothy Sackton: um.
John Leeker: Okay, so it's like a.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's like it's like a sort of rocky outcrop almost.
Eric Rosenbaum: There any natural water sources or water flow of any kind or signs of that.
Timothy Sackton: No signs of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: ley lines.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: No, there are no obvious nodes here.
Timothy Sackton: There is a ley line that sort of passes by within your.
Timothy Sackton: Area of perception.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is how far.
Timothy Sackton: I know if we haven't really decided like your visual range basically.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: What direction is that really.
Timothy Sackton: sort of east, west towards the Mesa.
John Leeker: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: signs of life effectively movement.
Eric Rosenbaum: As the day progresses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turn into a east.
Eric Rosenbaum: Second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the shorts of for a second there, I thought shorts was like half.
Timothy Sackton: A day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pass, he is that the auto.
Eric Rosenbaum: pilot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, my beast form is.
Timothy Sackton: Large oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's awesome.
John Leeker: I keep seeing pilot sister and I park.
Eric Rosenbaum: Has a system.
John Leeker: The sister is much smarter than pilot no offense to pilot.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow clairvoyants actually specifically mentions a grove of trees, so if we if we get a little bit closer we're still two miles out or so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're about two and a half miles from the line of trees.
Oh.
John Leeker: I can talk to trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: These are dead so.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we have a scroll of speaking with the dead, so if you really wanted to talk to them.
Timothy Sackton: Well let's just do something, besides sit in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for that hotter.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is ready to go.
Mike: yeah I think we just I mean we could send a scout we could.
Mike: We could send an invisible scout we could then do invisible scouts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I think the biggest issue is here this place is definitely booby trap and in a way that's going to do horrible things to whoever gets caught the trap okay is let's just let's just be let's just everything we know about a gotcha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Year somebody is going to get turned into a worm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If they step the wrong way or look the wrong direction or say the wrong thing Okay, so we should just this is just have this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We I don't even know how we survived and managed to take her down but let's just be clear that this is what's happening so I wanted to like a couple options to seekers point we send something in there to trigger the drafts.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's one option to suggest right or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If there's a way for us to divine what the traps are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know you know 10s of kind of looks more at the two magic key or the magic key people in the crew I don't know if you all have some ideas but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't I for 1am much less interested in scouting this particular layer because I didn't want to turn into a scorpion.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if somebody has an inanimate object that that I can bring it to life and have it walk say hundred yards ahead of us as we approach right through the grove of trees and smack DAB into the invisible doors or whatever is there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyone have a suggestion, so I don't actually have to also create a.
Mike: You know.
out of thin air.
Eric Rosenbaum: anything that might be able to walk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think the challenges the nature of a goddess tribes, they may be movement based, but I think they may be more spirit or sentience based.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have.
Eric Rosenbaum: dealt with it.
Mike: That was a shadow.
Mike: tears off from him.
Mike: I mean you've seen him do this before like it's not really a shattered turning off it's like his shadow becomes wanders off becomes something that can wander off.
Mike: I can send.
Mike: This creature ahead to scout that's our best.
Mike: option.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If anything happens to it, will you know what has happened to it.
Timothy Sackton: You have no.
Mike: No there's no telepathic link I can.
Just.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but when it comes back you can report back to what happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, okay feels reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: leyritz that's.
Mike: What stats do you want it's dirty.
Timothy Sackton: just give me a hip points for now.
Mike: let's see do I want a flying one or a land one.
Mike: I think I want, I think, for this awareness, what is probably better 30.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and where is it going Where are you going to tell it to go.
Mike: find a door.
Timothy Sackton: So, like go up to the line of trees and just search around looking for yep.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike: That dark vision hundred 20 proceed beat but crap perception.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, so, in what form does it take.
Mike: it's a human it's a way and form.
Mike: So you can decide when it looks like basically.
Mike: yeah I mean it looks like it ends up looking like a shadow we.
Mike: A shadow we.
Mike: fox.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Some time passes.
Timothy Sackton: More time passes hold on, let me check something here.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers got a coil of rope in front of them that he's playing with.
Timothy Sackton: More time passes.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 20 minutes half an hour I mean it would now.
Timothy Sackton: be approaching the line of trees.
Timothy Sackton: More time passes.
Timothy Sackton: send you a message words.
Timothy Sackton: How long does that last.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): An hour you'll hear that.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're what you're what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're the site.
Eric Rosenbaum: know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): TIM i'm just going to describe exactly to them what i'm sharing.
Timothy Sackton: If you want it sounds like it sounds like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like a rapid fire.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like a like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like like darts or something and then like what you're mostly hearing our snarls of the shadow east.
Timothy Sackton: And then, like a you know, in the distant like the sound of like a few flax.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: silence.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a strange Stranger still that only well, we could hear it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he has the best hearing of all of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: buy a fair MED.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just far away.
Timothy Sackton: To just fire away like two miles away or mile and a half away like not easy to hear loud noises from not far back, probably by like laws of physics, while we shouldn't be able to hear it, but.
Timothy Sackton: By laws of D amp D fantasy it's more fun, as you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would think a slack slack slack like that, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: darts triggered.
Eric Rosenbaum: or really big hornets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there any buzzing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if far away like really mostly what you heard was the sounds of the screams of the shadow beast echoing in the desert.
yeah.
Mike: Is it dead.
Timothy Sackton: it's dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's not promising.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I hold up the coil of rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever happened to the shadow fox.
Eric Rosenbaum: could easily happen again to whoever goes in next, but this thing being a little more substantial could be instructed to travel in there, and perhaps play back to us and we might be able to see what happened to I think I can make this rope kind of slowly like a sneak.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could animate the rope right.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just one of us.
Mike: Can we just go.
Mike: Go see what's up there.
John Leeker: For Todd mods.
John Leeker: we're going.
John Leeker: To be there, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just sent your shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reasonably a strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah entity and it just got killed I.
Mike: mean it's only the size of a medium sized dog it's not like some.
super scary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After you tell us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): About flying in we're about suddenly someone in on the fly or a couple of people in on the fly.
Mike: fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Mike: One of us could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In some, what are the trees, what are the trees.
Timothy Sackton: Are sort of mixed, some of them are maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet tall, some of them are shorter there's like some bramble and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: But it's all kind of organized in these neat lines.
John Leeker: Are the race like giving out bad vibes.
Timothy Sackton: Are the nature you're a mile and a half away you gotta get close up okay.
Timothy Sackton: tell what vibes they're giving out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mean we get close enough to the tree right.
Mike: We we they're trying to sneak away here So what can we do right, we can we can try and be stealthy but there's five of us and it's pretty open train I don't think we're gonna succeed.
John Leeker: And i'm eight feet tall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could we could.
Mike: We could fly.
Mike: To people I think can go on the fly, which is only the giant fly, oh no we didn't summit it.
Timothy Sackton: No, you didn't someone that you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can.
Mike: Give somebody a fly speed I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a thought here.
Eric Rosenbaum: In my spare time we'll have some spare time.
Eric Rosenbaum: i've been thinking about ways to tell stories telling stories where when alternatives appear questions arise or uncertainties occur, they can be resolved by.
Eric Rosenbaum: tossing these stone tubes so perhaps if we were to choose say two, three or four equally reasonable possibilities, I could simply toss the cubes in and that way, we might select one that by.
John Leeker: till I have my auguries spell.
Timothy Sackton: You also have that yes.
Timothy Sackton: You could ask that.
John Leeker: that's helped us in the past.
John Leeker: When we had to think like the same question do we go in, directly or do we go around and we were the spirits, the earth told us to go around and.
John Leeker: That yeah that well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like just doing like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps your card, we could play my game of dice but have your spirits guide the dice themselves to the favorable conclusion.
John Leeker: The spirits will direct how the dice roll for us, so what what do we ask the spirits to speak to us through the dice.
John Leeker: Should.
John Leeker: approach it directly or approach it.
John Leeker: started really or what's the question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what options.
Mike: Yes or no.
Timothy Sackton: Is one course of action, have to be it's not a which is better it's a.
good or bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flight might be a good question to ask, I mean we know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know that a got the flies in right.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike: we're not all going to be able to fly.
John Leeker: mm hmm.
Mike: um well I think don't forget that your.
Timothy Sackton: intimated objects and fly speeds.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm so we could do I could take the fly and somebody else could take a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Flying shoe or whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, so how many total people can fly then.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can, I can get to total.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can do to and then is the is that, including the the bug.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's including to the using fly and my ability to animate an object.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the two and then.
Mike: I could do one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's three.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And the two of us, together, to say the two of us secret I can both read them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that the case that's interesting let's look at.
Timothy Sackton: It, so I think well be could fit on either the fly or the animated object when somebody else.
John Leeker: Nice Nice.
John Leeker: I transform into a very small animal.
John Leeker: So this bit more people on the giant fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You could do that as well, so you could fit.
Timothy Sackton: You could actually all fly if the giant fly the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: UK yes.
John Leeker: I will transform into a smaller fly to be on top of the bigger fine.
John Leeker: Nice so.
John Leeker: We should ask the gods.
John Leeker: Do fly in, or do we approach on foot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Timothy Sackton: You have.
Mike: To say is.
Mike: A good idea.
John Leeker: got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it could be that the answer is no, because going in at all it's not a good idea.
Mike: We do the inverse can we say.
Mike: is approaching on foot a bad idea.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's just if this is what I want to do, and the the spirits will tell you, is it good or bad neither or but with.
John Leeker: I think, is it good to fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, would be the question that's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All of it yeah.
John Leeker: So Okay, so I sit down.
John Leeker: And I lay out my dragon bones or nate cards can pick it out well worn bones, and I tossed them on the ground.
John Leeker: And I read the results.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see flying.
Timothy Sackton: Up yeah on balance that's good.
Timothy Sackton: i'd say I did technically the answer you get back is good and bad, but your senses like you know the good maybe outweighs the bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we need to select and objects to animate.
Eric Rosenbaum: on which to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we got lying around.
Eric Rosenbaum: A flat boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you want something big if you want multiple people to be able to fit on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Because you can animate things that are up to large.
Timothy Sackton: You can find something big enough, you could conceivably get like three or four of you on that.
it's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's not a lot of other large random objects lying around or they're.
Timothy Sackton: Looking for the right size boulder but yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: A sheet of something we had a tarp or tent.
Timothy Sackton: You do have 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: If only we had a hurricane cloak.
Then we'd have something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, what.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's from the Princess bride I.
Timothy Sackton: mean if you're willing to spend like you know a bit of time searching around for the right size boulder you could easily I mean you're in a rocky desert here right like there will be a boulder that's the right size.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It becomes a weapon also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Potentially for dropping am i'm liking, the flying or concept.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'll search around using my genealogy skills to guide me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I will say, make it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make it big make an investigation check.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes you like.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's it.
Timothy Sackton: Now that the lowest you can possibly know but but that just means it takes you longer it takes you maybe 45 minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Turn remember what you look like.
Timothy Sackton: turn up a nice large size boulder.
Timothy Sackton: Though it's now it's like 11 basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: inscribe arcane renick magic upon the boulder surface.
Eric Rosenbaum: To enemy that.
Eric Rosenbaum: check off my innovating performance so danton item step classroom one our basic commands so without visibly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Moving or awakening something changes about the boulder such that it has the kind of presence of intelligence in a strange and subtle way.
Eric Rosenbaum: I walk around to the other side of it, where I where I think it's facing now that it has woken.
Eric Rosenbaum: and suggests that several of us would like to ride on it, and that we might like it to lift in the air slowly and steadily without.
Eric Rosenbaum: offending us where upon will guide as to where to go, can I say all that to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah in touch with understand.
Timothy Sackton: It obey his commands you can command it to do whatever you want, and it will do it.
it's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it big enough for all of us.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I don't think it's big enough for all of you, I would say it's big enough for like a dwarf a half length and one other creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: Plus, if your card wants to turn small.
Timothy Sackton: drink odd.
Mike: So then, somebody else could ride the giant fly and dealt with could save a spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah looks the media and kenzo since we're sending students, we can stay in.
Communication on.
The fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I will read the fly or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you speak the word of command and the stone starts.
Timothy Sackton: Like slowly expanding until it is this like fly the size of a horse and it turns to look at you and.
Timothy Sackton: buzzing.
Timothy Sackton: And it says in this sort of gravelly voice that who was summoned it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I handed it to kinzer.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: Something that.
Timothy Sackton: Only kenzo can understand you are not my master and I need you to roll initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Mike: Wait seriously.
Timothy Sackton: seriously.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're gonna Oh, I have an idea.
Timothy Sackton: Can submission.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Animal animal handling or some whatever the Fuck to like you know it doesn't somebody had like speak to animals and do some bullshit and whatever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
John Leeker: I can talk with an animal, we need to.
John Leeker: think I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like speeded in combat to use it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it.
Timothy Sackton: was not.
Timothy Sackton: it's the size of a horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Large only way to gigantic flask sweater.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait, we have a gigantic boulder that's.
Mike: It was the boulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's an initiative.
Timothy Sackton: it's going really wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
Mike: I didn't I wrote a 10.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't I have.
Timothy Sackton: This is weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: I really like magic items backfiring.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact I would I would argue for having more of that kind of stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: As it may be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You mean like one of our party members being published by a separate great power and trying to use.
Mike: It oh totally go.
To the sector of power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't.
Mike: possibly go wrong TIM hasn't showed his hands or anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, honestly, right now, if you used it to like command the fly with that.
Mike: seriously right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that.
promise.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so drink hard you're up first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So any other hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We might.
Timothy Sackton: appear right in front of kenzo and it's.
Timothy Sackton: buzzing at him angrily lunging to attack.
Timothy Sackton: And you get the drop on that.
John Leeker: Do I try to talk with it.
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, you first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have any like persuasion or intimidation.
John Leeker: that's what i'm looking at right now.
Mike: And also, we can't understand it it's talking secret language that only kenzo knows.
Timothy Sackton: Only turns out can understand.
John Leeker: Oh okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, but it kenza kenzo yells out I think he wants to kill us.
John Leeker: Okay, so I did.
John Leeker: The produce flame can trip.
John Leeker: Okay, so that means that role, the plus six thing first and then I wrote for damage.
John Leeker: yep okay.
Timothy Sackton: Secret sica your next that hats.
Timothy Sackton: So your laughter flame strikes at.
Timothy Sackton: And it is also a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be particularly badly hurt by that attack.
Timothy Sackton: um.
John Leeker: Are we on.
John Leeker: Your screen, or is it still the map screen.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's still I don't have a map, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: No way to predict when you're going to try and some of.
Timothy Sackton: Those lies.
Timothy Sackton: we're just doing theater of the mind here.
Timothy Sackton: seeker well be then kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is commanding the boulder and action.
Timothy Sackton: A bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a bonus action oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: um can I do that first just to see what.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I hop up onto the boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I assume, no one else is on there with me yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: ask it to squash The fly by going over it, and then descending on to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make the make your attack role for your.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever the attack of forceful blast or whatever it's called for the.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the.
Timothy Sackton: dancing dancing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sours has that.
Timothy Sackton: force ma'am yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's funny for a giant boulder.
Mike: don't do that much damage.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's your damage you gotta roll the hip first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: melee weapon attack your spell attack modifier to hit I see I didn't read that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah where's my spell attack modifier there.
That has.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's not just Wendy 10 does it does so, if you read the staff block it's i'm.
Certain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: It does one day 10 plus your proficiency bonus so it's one day 10 plus three okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So total of eight.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that does a damage as the boulder.
Timothy Sackton: clips that.
Timothy Sackton: And what do you want do for your action.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thrust a hand up in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I cast earth and grasp.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that is a strength saving throw right.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: made from compacted soil rises.
Timothy Sackton: It fails.
Timothy Sackton: So it is grasped by the hand.
Timothy Sackton: And it takes.
36.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes five points of blushing damage, and it is, it is restrained by the hand.
Timothy Sackton: While the Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will attempt to speak telepathically to it in its language.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's possible.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can speak with these.
Timothy Sackton: awesome is a beast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am not a very good persuader but i'm gonna try anyway so i'm gonna say do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): serve us or be destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: may come in temptation check is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not a natural strength of will, but.
it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: pretty good wow.
John Leeker: unnatural linking.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It it turns to look at you.
Timothy Sackton: And you get almost this sense of.
Timothy Sackton: regret.
Timothy Sackton: From its mind.
Timothy Sackton: And the sense that it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is not that it is making a choice.
To attack.
Timothy Sackton: It started is, you are not its master and a God protected her investments.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll see.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems regret slightly regretful about its lack of willpower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll show you and say do it the better luck in the next slide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magic secret.
Mike: Ah, I wouldn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): push this thing.
Mike: I think we need to just kill.
Timothy Sackton: It started, I mean it's looking a bit wounded at this point like between the boulder in earthen hand that is holding it restrained, making it unable to move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait a minute caitlin command it to turn back.
Timothy Sackton: You can dry.
Timothy Sackton: cause I can do that cancels up next while we do you wanna.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know kenzo can do that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you want a bonus action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No pizza we do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns out, I will try to command it to turn back.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I try to just have to wait.
Timothy Sackton: And attack it.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have to speak the command word, while touching it.
Eric Rosenbaum: To get it to revert.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the rule and reign.
mm hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe failsafe against that.
Mike: I would just what are we going to do, I would just kill it it's always going to be tainted by August that.
Mike: Could you ever trust it even if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All sounds like it's not his fault like it's like it's just its own thing and then August August takes like things you know beings creatures and like mutates them perverts them manipulates them like I don't think this fly is evil right it's just that it's been Fuck with right.
Mike: it's also it's a fly.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I understand, dealt with like kind of black and white, like you know.
Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All other beings like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it is, it is trained.
Timothy Sackton: If you want it to use your action to grab it and try the command word, while you're holding on to it, you could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: It shrinks back into stone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Poor you did he do exactly, yes, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, we hold on to this thing for sure in a pinch, this is not a bad thing to just like toss into battle and just see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can't use it for another two days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i'm just saying like we we should hold on to this, but then to you can figure out how to get it on our side.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much time passed because.
Eric Rosenbaum: are flying bootleg for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: seconds okay.
Mike: And that was pretty fast.
Timothy Sackton: It appeared you like smashed it a few times kenzo grabbed it and said, the words in it shrunk back into.
Eric Rosenbaum: So a giant earthen hand about the size of the flight grabbed it and then it true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any little.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, now sitting in the.
Timothy Sackton: palm of this earth demand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so kenza grabs The fly like tosses it to seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm up in the air, on the boulder pocket it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I I command the boulder to land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Obviously there's an earthen hand and then there's the flying boulder.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay know instead instead kenzo like chumps like up onto the boulder does like a backflip like and then jumps up onto the platform where you are and then just hands you there.
Just thought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm practicing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well done, my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should we should figure out how to get this on our side, I agree with Bobby I don't think I feel like any of us got those perversions are not necessarily have their own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, right now, maybe there's maybe pivot will reveal something else, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps another day goes down below on earth rehabilitative tutorial satori clinic for wavered insects.
Eric Rosenbaum: have enormous size.
John Leeker: cod's over just going to try to cure every monster we face in her layer
Timothy Sackton: So you, for if record shifts you can get four out of five of you to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you spell yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I learned the boulder.
Colorado.
Mike: Would you like to be the one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I love flying though us.
Mike: That will well gently touch on the shoulder you now can fly.
John Leeker: Your crowd looks at seeker and turns into a scorpion just.
Mike: don't turn to a scorpion we might mix you up with the evil Scorpions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doing this on the drink hot scorpion.
Timothy Sackton: So say you fly up.
Timothy Sackton: That the the flies palette South only last 10 minutes, but you can go fast.
Timothy Sackton: Like us, can both go fast.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: The boulders my speed is like 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so that means you can fly like you can fly over the trees, but before the spell ends and as you're flying over the trees, you can see, actually down below that the one of the trees.
Timothy Sackton: is lying.
Timothy Sackton: Like broken on the path.
Timothy Sackton: And it almost looks like.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks like there's two arms stretching out from the tree.
Timothy Sackton: And there's another tree that's, and this is a small tree it's like one of the bushes right and there's another small tree that has.
Timothy Sackton: That has a couple branches broken off that are lying and the broken off branches.
Timothy Sackton: are covered in in like thorns.
Timothy Sackton: And you fly overhead, I presume, or you stopped on to investigate.
Mike: that's clearly what was being fought.
Eric Rosenbaum: looks like ren as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you come to the end of this path um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see well be.
Timothy Sackton: That I don't have everybody's passive perception does anybody else have a passive perception over 1617 or higher.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's passive.
Mike: it's just your perception plus 10.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah I know well be has 18 by only bothered to memorize the highest in the party.
effort.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, so, while the seas um it's almost like there's a little.
Timothy Sackton: A little like.
Timothy Sackton: So the so the path goes up this Hill and there's the top of the trees like as you're flying it's almost like you could see a little window.
Timothy Sackton: Through the desert.
Timothy Sackton: i'm right at the right at the edge like it's it's like as if you're you're like flying On top of this, and from the.
Timothy Sackton: From the top of the path the terrain is different, so you so you will be are like catching this glimpse as you fly up of like.
Timothy Sackton: That the train keeps shifting like when you're looking at at the right angle, you can see, the path continues and there's like a garden and a house.
Timothy Sackton: And then, when you're looking from the other angle it's desert and then like you stick your head down like this and you see path garden house desert path garden house desert.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As you're describing some does that suggest that we need to be lower.
Timothy Sackton: Lower lower down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah so just press down and really the mission.
Eric Rosenbaum: I try to steer the boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: appropriately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this is just flying next to you guys.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so as you as you drop down in elevation you actually all see this now, and as you sort of skim across the top of the trees and the boulder now flies.
Timothy Sackton: along that like just at the very top of the path you can see.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: plane dark brown mud hot seemingly fairly shabbily made.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of this path sitting on the top of this hill a large circular Center room and then like two little side.
Timothy Sackton: extensions that branch off chimney and the top door, but no windows, from this perspective.
Timothy Sackton: You can see next to the House that garden of thorns and rock tangled briars and such but somehow in Congress Lee there's like a flock of hands that are running around pecking it dust in the garden and a stone wall surrounds it.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see perched in the Actually, I do have a map of this so.
Timothy Sackton: So here's what you see as your as you're flying and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: There are there's a so there's that over here there's a hill.
Timothy Sackton: Your flight your approach from like right here, basically.
Timothy Sackton: And you're sort of skimming little.
Mike: See.
Mike: When you say here.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I need to put your.
Timothy Sackton: characters on.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't it doesn't show you unless you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: oops hold on sorry I am a sinner.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, not now Can you see the map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah yeah.
it's um.
Timothy Sackton: And you're all coming.
Timothy Sackton: From like radio here.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah there's a scarecrow in the field.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): People.
Eric Rosenbaum: could just be to prevent birds from eating berries.
Timothy Sackton: And there's so there's a there's a another hell over here that has like dense tangled brush.
Mike: Over whereas here.
Timothy Sackton: Here there's another hail and.
Timothy Sackton: Look at the bottom right of zoom.
Mike: out yeah.
Mike: yeah hell over here.
Timothy Sackton: That has like dense tangled brush i'm almost forming like a like a bit of like sheltered sort of cave sort of dark area, the hot is here.
Timothy Sackton: um this I couldn't find exactly the hub, but the Center area here where these two pieces meet is actually kind of circular.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's an extension to this way and extension to this way, this is the main door right here there's a chimney in the middle, then there's the field here, and then a scarecrow and the rest of it is just kind of bare dirt.
Timothy Sackton: everything looks sort of a bit.
Timothy Sackton: bleak dusty the barren rock is broken only by the occasional dead tree.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that.
Timothy Sackton: And it's been now 10 minutes so kenzo man's.
Timothy Sackton: You still have.
Timothy Sackton: You still have like 45 minutes on the boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I learned the boulder next to console.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you do this again how long is the flight spell last.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes suck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Oh, I mean if we want to get out of here well guess what the long rest at some point.
Mike: If we short rest I can get spells back.
Timothy Sackton: You only use one spell though right.
Mike: And I have another spell slide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and what about.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're older not we're not gonna we're not all flying out of here unless we fly out here within less than an hour.
Timothy Sackton: yeah because you can only do the older ones per day i'm as you land on the scarecrow turns and looks at you, and you can see, as it turns its i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, so it says it's it almost looks like.
Timothy Sackton: A human child or half fling sized wooden puppet made of bleached would all white and light Gray.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we have one of those.
Timothy Sackton: And it steps towards you and it says in common um.
Timothy Sackton: Greetings visitors, I regret to inform you that the master is not in right now, and if you would come back later, it would be appreciated.
Timothy Sackton: Please turn around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have this yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does this match any of the woods figures we have.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So it's it's features seem to have been worn.
Timothy Sackton: And weathered so it's hard to tell that it is happening sized i'm.
Mike: The half when was this you said this was a.
Mike: You say this was a woman.
No okay I miss.
Timothy Sackton: it's wooden it's made of wood.
Timothy Sackton: But it's all sort of bleached like the color has faded from it it's it's it's weathered so that the features are sort of not not very distinct.
Eric Rosenbaum: The eyes, though, look at the eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the eyes are.
Eric Rosenbaum: live.
Timothy Sackton: Secret points that out the rest of you can see that the eyes are are real their flesh and blood.
Mike: What color are they.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good question um.
Mike: Well they're halfway man had blue eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah which.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: hold on, let me check, so we have these than they are blue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll say to it in half Flynn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cousin tea leaf your family, Mrs you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and see if it response.
Timothy Sackton: It looks.
Timothy Sackton: frightened.
Timothy Sackton: And kind of steps back slightly and says.
Timothy Sackton: Please, I am loyal.
Timothy Sackton: trey.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Mike: I said, your master i'll interrupt them i'll say your master is no more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Free.
Mike: She has been destroyed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): me children bring the body.
Timothy Sackton: No, this is a I.
Timothy Sackton: gotta I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am loyal.
Timothy Sackton: This you will not catch me with your tricks.
Mike: All take out the.
Mike: prom and.
Mike: i'll take a Center and say you know i'm not using it.
Mike: Perhaps you seen your master with this.
Mike: Her most prized possession.
Mike: She would not give it up short of death.
Timothy Sackton: He just kind of slowly quickly kneels to the ground and says.
Timothy Sackton: it's like kind of shaking a little bit and says.
Timothy Sackton: Do not test me I promise.
Timothy Sackton: I will not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are your friend.
Mike: TIM can make a persuasion track to try and persuade and we're telling the truth.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike: Terrible.
Timothy Sackton: is like you start, you can see his like I mean the statue is not, I mean it's made of wood and doesn't seem to be breathing but his eyes are like moving back and forth quickly now like this um.
Timothy Sackton: Please just go.
Timothy Sackton: got some will be back.
Timothy Sackton: In a day or two, at most, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know what she's like.
Mike: We do.
Mike: You faced her down in a Canyon.
Mike: With her demon servant.
Mike: slew them both although our lives are almost.
lost.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean the girl Julie is returned to herself again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And seekers show show him the The fly in the tongues.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we have these things and I pulled them out the scary things that God has which we will now make safe from evil use, but we also have these.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other things and I began taking out the figurines and looking at them until I find the one depicting an elderly man.
This is, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that, like.
Timothy Sackton: tears begin to form on his eyes, like his his eyes get wet any.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around and he says.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing to me.
Mike: We are here to break her curse and store those she's harmed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your friends, we are no friends of the gods again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's August.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're the other to.
Eric Rosenbaum: This other 14 I think that for.
Mike: July July was before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we right that's excellent because I only have so many times, I can cast a spell magic today.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're here we're here to help you, we are, we are no friends of the gotta.
Timothy Sackton: Can you help against her power.
Mike: be free to my.
Timothy Sackton: Try see her.
Timothy Sackton: Where is she if she is free.
Mike: With her mother.
Timothy Sackton: How can you do such a thing.
Mike: Powerful magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is your name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza for uncharted.
Timothy Sackton: he's still he's still breathing heavily.
Timothy Sackton: And and.
Timothy Sackton: looks up again.
Timothy Sackton: I am not to speak my name.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This up on the spot, but like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tonight invite them to look into my memory.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not yeah it's not really well phone so normally I think the way it would work is the memories are really mostly of dead Africans right because the ratio memory is the sort of collective soul of those who have passed on.
Timothy Sackton: So you can't use it to share your own memories.
Timothy Sackton: You see, my message.
Timothy Sackton: is staring intently at well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look over to the cottage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there others.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trapped like you inside.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: I could not go inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you have the ability to restore your reform.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that something that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you desire.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Here sure to his dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're sure that she's dead and actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to not only help you, but the others that are trapped here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who really see well.
John Leeker: we've come here to help you.
John Leeker: We traveled all this way for you.
Timothy Sackton: Please do something.
Eric Rosenbaum: magic.
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence check.
Mike: yeah it's not auto success sadly.
John Leeker: She wait wait wait wait wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
John Leeker: I can give you a if this is a higher risk thing I have enhance ability, the.
Mike: that's a good idea.
John Leeker: Probably also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The bard thing right like isn't there like.
Timothy Sackton: can't do it on yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can inspire myself, but you do have a motive.
Mike: Possible just gonna say don't forget.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: But yes enhanced ability would give you advantage on the check in.
Timothy Sackton: For an hour.
Mike: You totally yes that's a great idea.
Mike: Okay, so I can hold on before you cast something that lasts for an hour.
Mike: I am tempted, I think, being able to see magic will be helpful.
Mike: But it takes me 10 minutes to turn that ability.
Mike: So worth doing that, first, I mean it'll burn some of our time with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It I don't think so because we don't know the train right we don't know what's waiting for us, we don't know if there's something coming in the next 30 seconds.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike: doesn't make me defensive.
Mike: Right.
Mike: it's just.
Mike: A ritual that it's like a ritual spot it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of like an evolving ongoing situation so you'd be.
Mike: burn 15 minutes 10 minutes of an hour long enhance ability.
Mike: Or if we'd be better waiting.
Mike: magic seems very useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: just do what your character, would do a little.
Mike: bogged down with with saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: is frozen into would.
Mike: If God is like well i've dealt with wouldn't necessarily know the Meta game of your casting a spell that only lasts an hour.
Right.
Mike: But dealt with wood.
Mike: So, yes, we don't have to medicate dealt with wouldn't when know that the spell that you're about to cast of.
John Leeker: Chicago walks over and touches seeker.
John Leeker: Enhancing intelligence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you to God.
Eric Rosenbaum: I lower my hand and raise it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: To draw the run in the air for dispel match Okay, so no I just do the cast thing and then.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage, make an intelligence check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so I just clicked on intelligence up here yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: or didn't do it or do I click.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): attention.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Timothy Sackton: Forget oh um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, more right.
Timothy Sackton: 18 is enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
The.
Timothy Sackton: away with that.
Timothy Sackton: What do you have a plus.
Timothy Sackton: Do you really have a.
Eric Rosenbaum: six plus five for my intelligence says, plus.
Timothy Sackton: 450 yeah because you're a bard.
Timothy Sackton: jack of all trades you get a I forgot about that that actually makes you very good at dispelling magic you get you get to add half your proficiency bonus to every ability check that you're not already proficient in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, this is gonna sound ridiculous but we've been playing this campaign for out in the how long and how am I forget.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That seat, there was a bard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I seem sort of just like a.
Timothy Sackton: Major he's not he's like a weird not.
Mike: he's not very party.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Mike: He has a terrible has charisma, is not that good he's.
Mike: smarter than he is charming he doesn't really.
Timothy Sackton: Have is a homebrew intelligence based box yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: not do.
Eric Rosenbaum: magic instead of music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
John Leeker: All right, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's odd.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, wow.
Timothy Sackton: that's great as secret holds the statue of guarantee leaf and casts this rune on it and sort of stretches the room from the statue to to this wooden scarecrows you can see.
Timothy Sackton: The scarecrow begins to melt.
Timothy Sackton: Like the wood all this wood begins to turn almost to liquid and starting around the eyes, you start to see flash up here as it begins to like drip away.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly like it takes like three or four minutes for this to happen, and as as as his face is exposed um you see this older halfway man that looks exactly like the statue.
Timothy Sackton: And as the last bits of this would kind of drain off of his body, the statue cracks and half.
Timothy Sackton: And he stands up.
Timothy Sackton: Like looking at his hands almost in wonder tears streaming down his face.
Timothy Sackton: Like just amazed just staring like just staring around staring at his hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank goodness we were able to release you how long.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were you like that.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you, thank you.
Mike: Some water.
Yes, small snack.
Timothy Sackton: It has been.
Timothy Sackton: 11 years.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: My.
Timothy Sackton: memory, Chris faint sometimes and.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to.
Timothy Sackton: Remember the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here it we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We may not have a lot of time here and we want to escape with you and your anyone else was trapped new tell us we are again we fought a gotta and know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very, very well her tricks and we know this, this is not safe, what can you tell us about the others, and also what do you have to fear here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where.
Timothy Sackton: She would not let me in the House.
Timothy Sackton: There are, I guess, other serpents who.
Timothy Sackton: tend to her needs there.
Timothy Sackton: I watched the grounds.
Timothy Sackton: There must be traps.
Timothy Sackton: there's only one door.
Mike: What while these guys are talking, I am going to do the.
Rich okay.
Mike: And also seeker can you tell your flying rock to land before it finishes before it can no longer fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): alternate suggestion for that.
Mike: I would, I was thinking, perhaps.
Mike: Our dear friend, the tea leaf.
Mike: tea leaf halfway would be safer up in the air, not sitting on August doorstep, where the first danger will come running to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could ask the the boulder to fly him half mile away and then come back.
Mike: I was thinking just fly 1000 feet up and come down before he for crashes.
Mike: Just tell it.
Timothy Sackton: For you, and.
Land.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike: Two 300 feet up in the air, I think you'd be fairly safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll ask his preference.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're thinking about how to get you to safety.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you want to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: flown a half mile that way or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it up in the air.
Timothy Sackton: No, no more magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not sure that you're safe, while we clear out the rest of this place.
Timothy Sackton: no magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here we share your trepanier or ideas share your trepidation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else you can tell us what we should be aware of, and how does it got to get into the door she cast and is there an incantation or just open it can imagine you walk right in there.
Timothy Sackton: She just goes in it's her house I.
Timothy Sackton: don't know I I just watched the grounds I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said, can I ask if we if we had not been if we had been aggressive what would have happened.
Timothy Sackton: you're asking baffling.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like if you had attacked him or if you add.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just you know, when you say you watch the grounds, if if God says enemies team, what would happen.
That.
Timothy Sackton: The trees defend it.
Timothy Sackton: Through the trees, they will attack you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i've seen that.
John Leeker: How close, are we to the trees.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you're like 1500 feet away from the end of the.
Timothy Sackton: The path.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): good sir.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes arcs come.
Timothy Sackton: Give them T on the porch he doesn't let them in the House.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good rule of thumb.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the spot.
Timothy Sackton: I did not know what they want, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was crushes symbol again.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Rising sun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza like draws the symbol on the ground where they wearing these anything like this, did you see this symbol on the boards.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: kind of sits down like let's see he is now like.
Timothy Sackton: up next to you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of sits down heavily and.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Next year and is.
Timothy Sackton: Too many just.
Timothy Sackton: need to breathe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rest perhaps you should let him, let him rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's there.
Mike: But just there somewhere here, you can hide.
Mike: don't think okta's houses safe.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: there's a well in the back, has good clean water.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have a rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have routes.
yeah.
Mike: i'll give him a rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until I saw side into he's like you know who he said, like he's not you know if this is a layer super crazy.
Timothy Sackton: That may make an insight check.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: No yeah I mean he's clearly like pretty.
Timothy Sackton: shaken up and has been enslaved by an evil hag for 11 years but.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be lying about anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's taking a climb into the wells that's.
Timothy Sackton: that's what it was today yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just to confirm like chickens are just chickens there's not like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): giant Scorpions the brambles or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's your hostel scorpion.
John Leeker: No i'm i'm back to being.
Timothy Sackton: That there are.
Mike: what's magic.
Mike: Anything everything Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nice huh.
Mike: brother chickens magic.
Mike: So learn.
Timothy Sackton: The door is um.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah the whole place seems quite strange.
Timothy Sackton: The like.
Timothy Sackton: just looking around everywhere, you can see i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just complete absence of any sign of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Like Everywhere you look it's just totally non magical.
John Leeker: Does.
Mike: The corrupt a ring i'm wearing that I know is magical.
Timothy Sackton: Not magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: protected.
John Leeker: How does.
John Leeker: layers on.
John Leeker: The croc the crowds sense of nature, what is.
John Leeker: His experience with the natural world telling him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: make a nature check.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: This is this is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the trees are a bit weird and obviously the the garden is strange, although it's all like thorns now it's like shouldn't you know our garden shouldn't be growing here and that like brant tangle of brambles over to the.
Timothy Sackton: Like 100 ish feed off to the right is.
Timothy Sackton: At at 90 feet off to the right is also a little seems like you know more tangle and brambly than you would.
Timothy Sackton: normally get but like It just seems like desert like there's nothing to me it's quiet there's no animals around except except the chickens and occasional found of worms and bugs in the garden.
Mike: Is um.
Mike: Is the handling heading for the wealth.
Timothy Sackton: Ah he's currently just kind of sitting on the ground crying a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: But he's holding the rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Nice Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should.
Mike: Look at the door let's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go inside yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have a suggestion that in the last minutes of the hour when you still have older.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just covered fly straight up for 10 minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that it will fall.
Eric Rosenbaum: again.
Timothy Sackton: On what what are you trying to get the fall on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe the House maybe the bramble patch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very good boss.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This just nice nice to have a weapon of mass destruction hovering above us.
Eric Rosenbaum: The situation is a bit far wait wait wait wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm concerned that we need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just understand better what's going on.
Mike: At white to contradict slightly weapon of mass destruction hovering above us is maybe not the best plan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we can move to the side real quick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't want to get on the ground, so we can get on it so fly away.
Eric Rosenbaum: What he's saying, which is so that at the moment the enemy stones, it will.
Mike: We spend.
Mike: 45 minutes talking about everything we do that boulder will rapidly.
Timothy Sackton: Our about half an hour left on the.
Timothy Sackton: boulder and about 2520 minutes left 25 minutes left on detect magic.
Mike: let's look into let's go let's go.
Mike: What is the door will.
Mike: I will.
Mike: I will give I will give some patented della della trial snacks to the halfway just.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he sits there for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: like eating you taking about another like another five minutes and then kind of gets up and slowly like ambles over towards the well, which is in the back of the House ties.
Timothy Sackton: ties the rope and kind of slides down into the well make he makes himself a little like rope chair to sit on.
Timothy Sackton: seems time, are you good with knots.
John Leeker: How you shape water and make him a nice little chair, you can sit in the water.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike: What does the door look like.
Timothy Sackton: style the door to the i'm.
Timothy Sackton: At so as you approach the House um you can see, the door is just a plain would indoor this looks like just a sort of grab my house there's like he is that stretch out about three four feet, or maybe even a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like maybe almost five feet these etfs that stretch out over the door, so this, this is the door right here.
Timothy Sackton: The doors shot.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see any locks there's not like a big lock or anything it looks like you could probably just push it open.
Mike: And I assume the magic it's still like.
Mike: there's no something's preventing any sense of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes.
Mike: Is anybody particularly perceptive and adapted seeing if there's a little needles or springs there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can investigate.
Mike: Would you like to take a look well p.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For craps.
Timothy Sackton: mega perception check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be anything.
Timothy Sackton: unusual about the door really it's like I mean there's these.
Timothy Sackton: Like the eaves hangover are sort of cast a bit of a shadow over it.
Timothy Sackton: But it's quiet, it seems like nothing's really moving um.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'd like to just walk around the whole structure.
Okay.
Mike: Are there any windows.
Timothy Sackton: that there are no windows, there is a chimney.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flyover and look into the chimney from above.
Mike: You can't fly flies gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Five now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something open the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can tell holder.
i'll be.
Mike: dealt with aws summit is magical hand at least open the door without your own hand.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No more Elf riddles.
Mike: let's all stand to the side and i'll push the door open with major.
Eric Rosenbaum: A backup can get on the boulder.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so wait where's everybody.
Mike: i'm like a.
Timothy Sackton: trigger characters where you are.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you're super far away.
Timothy Sackton: Are you really as far away as you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get know on i'll be closer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a.
Timothy Sackton: door right here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright guys will be like over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: deleted myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: standing on the rock up on the boulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait from the trees Fuck on in the near the depth trees or i'll be over here.
Timothy Sackton: So where you you like go up on to this hell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a little bolder right.
Timothy Sackton: This is like a boulder but then behind the boulder there's like a hill with these like dark brambly trees on that.
vine.
Mike: vine hell yeah don't go in the hell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From I will send over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what is this little area that it's in your drawing on was that that.
Timothy Sackton: Secret boulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: office line yeah i'll stand next to stand on the boulder and Ecstasy i'll send.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll send it right here.
Mike: i'm standing right here i'm casting a chance and i'm opening the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that the well, what does this glowing thing that maintain.
Mike: Oh that's the half.
Timothy Sackton: he's gone.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: OK so.
Timothy Sackton: The door opens.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Mike: I see any magic through the door.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, as the door swings open a few things happen um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear this buzzing noise as for wasps come flying out and.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike: Man I should put on the insect repellent.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's tough.
Timothy Sackton: And let's see one of them flies towards.
Timothy Sackton: y'all.
Timothy Sackton: let's see one of them flies towards doubt with two of them fly towards down with one of them flies towards record and one of them flies towards seeker who are the three closest um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see one one of them, as they buzz out one of them stings you dealt with what's your actually what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 18 okay does not sting you bounces off your breastplate second one bounces off your best played to cod you do get stung i'm seeker.
Timothy Sackton: 11 what's your AC.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work class it says 13.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm 11 Mrs then so just your card gets done.
Timothy Sackton: I take one one point of damage and you need to make a constitution saving throw.
John Leeker: What is um does Armor class impact that or.
Timothy Sackton: I he wrote down that was broken that.
Ah.
John Leeker: So I do a what chuck.
Timothy Sackton: Saving Constitution says.
Timothy Sackton: On save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Critical you know God.
Mike: Oh yeah good job.
Mike: than 20 he's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you just take 1.2 Pearson damage.
Timothy Sackton: And the doors are now open welby is gone.
Mike: yeah i'm consignment that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm kenzo can sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well, what are you.
Mike: messaging stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know you don't hear anything.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: Over no noise from welby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not responding.
Mike: You said something about magic.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you do sense magic, on the other side of the like inside the House.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see it it's not within your line of sight, so you can't try and identify objects, but you can sense it like when the doors open, you can sense magic through the doors.
Mike: Are you lb.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM, to draw the boulder about the right size.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like 15 feet across.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I could fly it a little closer.
Mike: I am going to is there any I mean did well because is there anything left behind, where he, like.
No risks.
Mike: Like he's not just invisible well, maybe he is.
Mike: If I walked to like.
Mike: There, so I can kind of walk in the door twice what can I see.
Timothy Sackton: You you're sort of trying to peek around the corner into the door yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you able to send them an animal and secret sauce.
Mike: Ah.
Yes.
John Leeker: Now we're fast, but I.
John Leeker: wanna I wanna I want to save that spell slot.
John Leeker: Wait can I send it my.
John Leeker: New wild companion again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell with a.
Timothy Sackton: Senior now you've used it twice already you can only use it twice per short rest.
John Leeker: know I used wild shape.
Timothy Sackton: What same thing same ability.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo what do we do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I don't think we should get near the door and also, we want to vanish or we intentionally go to the door to go wherever wherever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be and.
Eric Rosenbaum: delegate god's you and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where are they what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza takes like a rock that is like near him and just throws it out the door what happens to the rock.
Timothy Sackton: Like at the outside of the door.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It hits the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But isn't the door open.
Timothy Sackton: Your doors open.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I try to throw it to like go and throw it into the door.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, like you, you gotta walk till you have a toy, you can see inside, if you want to throw it inside unless you like, right up by the door and then like cook it around the corner or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, wait when when well be and also when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When a deal with disappeared, did they disappear when they look into the door like When did they disappear when they looked in.
Timothy Sackton: While while he was standing in front of the door when it opened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As i'm not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: Our banners when he was he, like peaked around to.
Mike: validate that there was magic inside the House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right but didn't isn't isn't record able to look inside from.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm actually just thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh line of sight wise, we should just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saying yeah it's a line of sight or something else that's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Making the moves are rooted spirit.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I just noticed records position.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Did you see my message john.
John Leeker: Oh yeah do I do, how do I do do that thing publicly.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's fine.
Okay.
John Leeker: Oh, this is not a good one.
Mike: I should have used the mode of fate.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just to check and get back in but i'll be back soon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anywhere, though, so.
Timothy Sackton: Ah let's see drucker you also.
Timothy Sackton: hold on, let me check my notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret is breathing heavily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This where our adventure and seeker is this where you and I leave and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Live live the rest of our lives, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could just take this folder out of here.
I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We really only knew the rest of them, but other guys for a couple months and it.
Eric Rosenbaum: would know you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: rob actually how things.
Timothy Sackton: actually work hard, you are far side you're far enough.
John Leeker: you're either.
Timothy Sackton: I was wrong you're actually out of the range.
John Leeker: Chicago into its that he was barely just saved by something he doesn't understand.
Timothy Sackton: So you are.
John Leeker: We take a quick break now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
yeah it's been.
John Leeker: A while.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's let's take a short short break.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it's it's clear what's gonna happen next.
Timothy Sackton: banish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all have to finish, and then like you know, then, then the rest of the stun gun procedure like well Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we doing here what's the plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know man it's crazy I love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was built called catapult that I can use to accurately launch things.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: are useful move with something through the door, but I don't know what.
Eric Rosenbaum: The amber web, for instance.
Easter.
Eric Rosenbaum: bunny rabbit.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bunny rabbit is probably in Kerala um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's gonna be do lighting things on there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so much.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, also remember if anybody else who's gonna.
Timothy Sackton: Venture forward, you could always give them inspiration before they do.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true because it is saved yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I could jump I could I could I could try it again going through the chimney.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah certainly could just we could both just fly the stone up onto the roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: and actually cut our way through.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then vanish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cut our way through.
Eric Rosenbaum: The roof.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it like a patch roof.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so let's adjourn for a couple of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right, think about this for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think about what do you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is really good.
Eric Rosenbaum: So fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: wanted to see it but here's the.
John Leeker: mo know.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey I interpretation of the necklace have tons.
yeah.
John Leeker: it's like a 10th of Tang.
Eric Rosenbaum: Its flesh actually.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that is hideous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's the best part of.
John Leeker: It also looks like.
John Leeker: Like some weird fruit all my.
Eric Rosenbaum: God it's very easy.
Timothy Sackton: Like not too dissimilar from out actually looks.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the thing it's it's um yeah it's pretty nasty.
John Leeker: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was trying to create something more pleasant thinking about tim's background like trying to make that quarter of dead trees, but the Ai assume the dead trees and be lying down.
doesn't look very interesting.
John Leeker: Where does the data come from for this.
Eric Rosenbaum: um it's actually it's amazing it's this notebook that somebody created that lets you run the Ai.
Eric Rosenbaum: generation code in the cloud, and it does a bunch of complicated stuff so I couldn't tell you what most of it is usually the.
Eric Rosenbaum: image generation stuff is trained on just huge public photo data sets that are that have been labeled there's like some text descriptor associated with it, but they'd be millions of photos.
John Leeker: there's been some I took a class recently on trade of Commons and there's been some controversy about.
John Leeker: Big for profit tech companies are taking creative commons resources that are license for non commercial use and then ingesting them into their machine learning.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
John Leeker: As I raw data.
John Leeker: that's bad, which is.
John Leeker: Technically, but you don't know like it's really hard to prove that this image of a House that was creative comments non commercial got ingested into Ai that's going to be used when the tesla gets confused by the moon and it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's so hidden because the way models don't even required disclosure of the.
John Leeker: yeah yeah it was.
John Leeker: yeah it was really interesting because it's all there and creative commons has made it super easy to.
John Leeker: be sucked up on that email.
Eric Rosenbaum: tentative violating the policy yeah.
John Leeker: Now the machine learning stuff is a little unsettling but.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really murky terrain.
John Leeker: I was this podcast and the argument of one of the writers was that all the data basically needs to be like nationalized or at least be stored in like third party repositories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
John Leeker: The ad company can't own the data and solve the ads basically that, like the data needs to be treated like a natural resource and the companies that want to use the data have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean the higher level thing that we need.
Eric Rosenbaum: is just just some kind of regulatory oversight that's not owned by corporations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are I was going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I made Ai generated necklace of tongues and it's horrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh you're just you're sharing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your House tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah don't want to see it's exciting yeah here it is and you're just going to regret asking to see it but but there it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
John Leeker: generates lighting for it and everything like it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's pretty astonishing with this.
With this stuff does.
Timothy Sackton: So you have a brilliant plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm always still in interest well forces.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vanishes vanished oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So option one.
John Leeker: So who's all like oh he's back.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, the three of you are left.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can see, oh, I should also mention, you can see that there is light coming out of.
Timothy Sackton: Like faint light out out of the door.
and
John Leeker: has a strong sense that you should not stop for.
Timothy Sackton: You can't really see clearly any detail that's inside the from this distance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay backup plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have sucked into whatever weird dimension that they're in, and then the campaign's over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's what often.
Eric Rosenbaum: PP K.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: options you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jimmy.
Eric Rosenbaum: kinzer i'm wondering if we should just take the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Upon top record you want to.
Eric Rosenbaum: hop on the stone with us, or do you think would be safer, if you please split up.
John Leeker: Cod will join you, but he just has very bad vibes so he's just gonna.
John Leeker: Good that.
Eric Rosenbaum: This whole situation is is not great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like let's just think through what other options do we have chimney.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: join them in the other dimension, what else are now the House.
John Leeker: kenzo do you.
Eric Rosenbaum: can't burn down the House.
John Leeker: Does sure con are we still connected to her, can we sense them in the web.
John Leeker: It may be placed them.
Timothy Sackton: There they disconnected themselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or their their their if you had been inside I might be able to sense you been.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was interesting that, while he's unable to communicate with us is the halfway telepathy what is that is that by side.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: hundred 20 feet line of fate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can lead.
Eric Rosenbaum: To more wooden.
Eric Rosenbaum: People.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, the messaging stones, the fact that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So well be what's the what's the range on the messaging stones.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: As long as.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know, but you get that at least 50 miles, based on the fact that I got that and some are key were communicated.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the fact that they are not able to communicate there's also not a good sign.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have anything i've got us that we could use against her differences.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did what did we learn.
John Leeker: Could we.
John Leeker: Do how's the Scorpions.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dried up Scorpions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
John Leeker: Could toss them in there and see if.
John Leeker: Something of a got those triggers or disables.
Scorpions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: script to the chimney that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels almost certain that Sunday trap as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: People wouldn't be able to get up there easily hey.
John Leeker: Which way is north.
Timothy Sackton: North is the bottom of the screen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the bottom.
John Leeker: we've been told to always approach.
John Leeker: We.
Timothy Sackton: you've approached from the north.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: The little patio on the top right of the building, there is not actually there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM I go over to the.
Timothy Sackton: know this is like this right here, this is like there's like a water barrels under there it's like a storage, but there's no entrance to the House from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mr barrels.
Timothy Sackton: are like.
Timothy Sackton: Just barrels of stuff it's like it's like yeah sorry go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I go over to the wealth and I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was Derek down there is Garrett in the well.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I explained a Garret what has happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you get do you know what's going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where our companions might be.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a gotcha has them.
Timothy Sackton: This is.
Timothy Sackton: We should run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've been here 11 years have you seen other people disappear in this way at the doorway.
Timothy Sackton: A God that didn't let me in the House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They didn't go inside the House either they just they just stood outside when the door opened for wasps flew out and then they disappear.
Timothy Sackton: She does not like visitors when she is not in I told you to leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We know but we're here to rescue both our friends done and also the other, the others that are inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your nothing else you can call us.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense I mean he's.
Timothy Sackton: like this is not a person who has an easy 10 years.
Timothy Sackton: And he doesn't he's been outside.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, for the past.
Timothy Sackton: 10 years as a scarecrow like he's not.
Timothy Sackton: This is not somebody who like new got the wow and studied her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Movements I right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no i'm a little annoyed a year, right now, like 11 years he must have seen this trap work at least once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, as far as he knows, nobody else has ever been.
Timothy Sackton: has ever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gotten where we are.
Timothy Sackton: God and where you are like nobody has vanished when I got his home and nobody has like tried to invade her like he's turned people away before but nobody's been like nope i'm going to free you from your curse and then charge into her lair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, where's the show me again.
Timothy Sackton: right here.
Timothy Sackton: right here, right sort of where the corner is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing either thing I can do is going through the chimney but.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's let's get up there.
All right.
John Leeker: stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like tesla just jumps onto the roof from the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I am.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's his.
Timothy Sackton: ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am navigate the stone carefully up to be alongside the to me.
Timothy Sackton: So that it's wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the top of the Jimmy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're on the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Road doesn't know doesn't look inside but drops a rock just like kind of goes over and like drops a rock at the Jimmy.
Timothy Sackton: sounds like it's clangs off something metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like maybe a hotter cauldron.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah on the bottom, or just a great.
John Leeker: spike.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anybody want to look.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, look down.
Eric Rosenbaum: And king is what gets you in trouble.
John Leeker: This is very outside of your gods experience from the mountains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you think secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm thinking about it.
John Leeker: Can you craft a mirror like we go look at the reflection.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's interesting.
John Leeker: I can send a.
John Leeker: puff of fire down.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's light, you can confess.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell this light like something's lighting up the.
Timothy Sackton: house it's not dark in the in the House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of know what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it the only are lighter calculator.
Timothy Sackton: Know like like like lights spotlight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like magic just steady glow.
Timothy Sackton: Steady cloud yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With a color tint the only.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The only light that's house is the front door and then the chimney.
Timothy Sackton: chimney yep.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sort of sort of like you know bluish tinge but nothing to unusual.
Timothy Sackton: Just cool colored light not like warm sunlight, but like cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your card is there a beast you can send inside to investigate for us to the chimney.
John Leeker: I have few spell slots left that's every one of those is less lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be i'll be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Less where did they go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be.
Timothy Sackton: Telling nothing.
John Leeker: Wait could we.
John Leeker: Could you send the rock down and just like crush the on a in the door area if it's a barrier based spell.
John Leeker: I just you know.
Timothy Sackton: I still have like maybe 10 minutes left on the animate.
John Leeker: objects it's like slam it down into the door on the on the area so there's just a gaping hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: worried about cutting open the roof, and then having line of sight to whatever we need to have line of sight to to cause us to then we.
John Leeker: turn our backs to it don't doesn't line of sight have to, and we can look through a mere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, everybody we're gonna blindfold ourselves and just sink this stone through the roof and land peacefully in the Center.
Eric Rosenbaum: Around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is very fucking interesting yeah, what are we going blindfolded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM and tesla's got pretty good like hamsters really stealthy and like.
Timothy Sackton: What what would disagree.
Timothy Sackton: You can go and blindfolded I mean I can't see anything if you're blindfolded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Until we can walk around and touch stuff we can.
Timothy Sackton: investigate could walk around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So everybody's a little bit, but but no secret, I mean I can't cancel this is like like Kansas like very, very stealthy and you know acrobatic so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was lined up.
John Leeker: So, are we going to just crush it right down the Center.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what I was thinking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean kenza was thinking about just going in blindfolded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh just walk in the front door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's walk in the front door blindfolded.
Eric Rosenbaum: That might make a little more sense it might not let's try it I fell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And I blindfold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10s of times the size of blindfold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On you guys stay around the corner so stay within your site your shot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can still hear me so it was Linda Linda stone around the corner from the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: truck at 10 kenzo is relying on all of his you know training back in Tokyo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all of the blindfolded martial artists training that he did as a part of his.
Timothy Sackton: makeup dexterity check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, not a saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Just a straight check just whatever plus for whatever your.
Timothy Sackton: Sex okay so.
Eric Rosenbaum: You.
Timothy Sackton: You walk in moving slowly into the space and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: trap.
Timothy Sackton: Over something.
Timothy Sackton: i'm falling to the ground and you hear a clatter and sound and a buzzing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no, as I get stung dive but.
Timothy Sackton: i'm as you sense i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The light going out and you hear this um you can see the light going from light to dark and you hear the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: sort of fate whispers you know not really in language more like more like sort of like moaning sounds like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like paint sort of a painful Mon of agony and you are prone on the ground and you feel.
Timothy Sackton: A hand.
Timothy Sackton: reaching out and touching your shoulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: transistors all kinds of screens I fallen and I can't get up.
Timothy Sackton: grabbing on to you.
Timothy Sackton: I can I move ah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I just yell and said, like I I tripped.
Eric Rosenbaum: get up get come back out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: acrobatics come on looking whoa whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you you.
Timothy Sackton: You roll out of the way of this of this hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can't see you.
Timothy Sackton: You bump into something else, like a table leg maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10s of 10s or just said, like I said, like who's there who's there.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody responds but you're kind of disoriented now, at this point you're not like there, then you to see see that the light was shining out of the door is now out.
Eric Rosenbaum: 10s of the lights out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still can't see anything I tripped over something I thought the hand reached out to touch me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I must, I must I must yelled out barrel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dulles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be.
Timothy Sackton: nervous.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the big thing here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucking now.
Timothy Sackton: You can feel now sort of feeling around the ground, you can feel there's like you're underneath the table there's something on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: That feels cold to the touch and, as you sort of REACH towards it like you can feel almost like this cold mist and like that's what the sound is coming from the moaning side and you kind of pull back from that.
Timothy Sackton: there's chairs around the table.
Timothy Sackton: One of the chairs has turned to be so like there's 44 chairs wine is like bigger and like smoother than the other bigger legs two little chairs and then the fourth chair is like turned to be facing the door so it's not aligned with the table it's aligned with the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: describe all that to Jakarta and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think men are missing in the beginning, he knock something over when he first entered.
Timothy Sackton: In a broken I checked on something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep i've shipped on something.
John Leeker: that's what is that one the white one away, what do you think Okay, do you think it's safe secret a look.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean there's only one way to find out right.
John Leeker: three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No don't do it together.
Eric Rosenbaum: No do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You both manish.
Eric Rosenbaum: God or maybe kenza should just open his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: You, those of you who are not here feel free to chime in out of character, you have suggestions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, please God, what should we do let's do some pipelines yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What are you secret and record what are you doing.
John Leeker: And we're both looking away aggressively.
Not.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're out of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm inside okay Okay, what do you guys think should actually like take out from under the blindfold.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): walk like to the far side of the room and then turn around and go back the other way, because if it's if it's something that's oriented.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): outwards Maybe you can get behind it.
yeah me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah can we also, I wonder if the inside, is the actually the dimension of the House, or if it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know if the House is not the House, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got to learn a little bit more votes, and then we know about a table and chairs let's investigate the the door facing chair, though, first of all.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, do you think I should just look, just like take a peek into this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is how to look now inside.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): US how's your Christmas Eve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah can you give me the cancer, give me the inspiration thing.
Timothy Sackton: And not say he gave you the inspiration, no, no cuz you're in.
Timothy Sackton: Your within why you're.
Timothy Sackton: not actually within line of sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we can't do it, then let us say.
John Leeker: But I like slowly walk backwards to I feel him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I you know so like like.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to have it lasts for 10 minutes, so you could have given it to him before he went in.
John Leeker: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we give you bardic inspiration and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The feet changing thing to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's right that's right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And you.
John Leeker: knock down the light so maybe it's not going to be that big of an issue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly all right, I look and feel I peek at peak thing the blindfold on.
Timothy Sackton: So it's from under from lying underneath the table you peek at what.
Timothy Sackton: Just like lift up the blindfold like what are you looking at.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just which direction you know.
Timothy Sackton: Which direction are you looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question what you guys think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at just look at that chair that's facing the door.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Over.
Mike: here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know if I was everybody was looking into the doorway got fucking disappeared right so should not look in the opposite direction so like now that i'm in a bunch can I look look.
Timothy Sackton: That route at the right yeah you can look away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: dark but not super dark at the doors are wide open and there's.
Timothy Sackton: Light streaming in from the outside, so most new.
Timothy Sackton: What you can see, so you're lying underneath a table.
Timothy Sackton: you're looking away from the door.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: So you're keeping your back to the door and you're looking across the other side of the room there's a there's a hearth which is cold.
Timothy Sackton: i'm hanging on a wooden spit above the cold fire is a black iron tea kettle and then there's like a small end table that has a porcelain tea set and a few stoppard ceramic jars.
Timothy Sackton: Against the far wall that's like the opposite side of the door there's a big shelf that's covered in like little knickknacks car from stone and wood in bone a few small chests a couple of candles.
Timothy Sackton: Like dice just all sorts of things i'm a few tried to insect carcass is a few jars on the top South shelf some with liquid wine, which seems to have a preserve human I floating in it.
wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: lying on the ground is a lantern that's been knocked over, which is what you bumped into, and you can still hear these faint moans of agony coming from it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From the lead her.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's where you think the hand came from to.
one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit happens.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Timothy Sackton: still keeping your back to the door, you can see, on one like nice sort of fancy chair and to last fancy chairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I describe ominous to crowd and you know.
Timothy Sackton: secret and then i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of jumbled in the back up against the shelf some weapons and clothes nicely well made sword in some other stuff tossed in there and then there's the doorway that leads into another room.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, two other rooms right um one.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so the shelf is like here, actually, we can.
Timothy Sackton: Like so like this is the chimney this is.
Timothy Sackton: This this into our plan is not quite right, this is the second, this is another Roman, this is another room.
Timothy Sackton: it's the best I could find in want to make something, and this is what this is a straight straight Hall, this is where the shelf is, and this is like a.
Timothy Sackton: corridor that goes back and then there's like this is a, this is a wall and there's like a door back here um.
Timothy Sackton: This is a door that leads into another room, but you can't really see into these other rooms and then that will you, the one thing you haven't looked at is the door behind you so there's like the chairs like right here and you're looking you're looking this way this way.
Timothy Sackton: And this way but haven't turned around to look at the Chair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As well as outside the drift blow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: smoke.
Timothy Sackton: So we're that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What a fucker what were the fucker well the end where the fun is everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're trapped into another world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rather than another dimension and they're in the basement.
Mike: Okay now if we were the basement the message stones with work.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's a good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There in another dimension we're so far.
So what do you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and your God, what are you doing is as kenza was repeating this stuff.
John Leeker: Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You think it's safe for us.
John Leeker: to walk in.
Eric Rosenbaum: And knock over that winter.
John Leeker: Can you throw something over the lantern like a blanket or a piece of cloth just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: idea, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: great idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I throw throw like my cloak over.
Okay.
John Leeker: Cod takes a breath and then turns to face the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret bravely which, to see what happens to.
Timothy Sackton: That charisma saving.
John Leeker: This.
Eric Rosenbaum: No oh I forgot to give you inspiration to my God.
John Leeker: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Cod vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, see you kendo i'm going home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So wait this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like.
I feel like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've had a great run a lot of fun I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really enjoyed you know being with all of you guys, you know Meta game it's been really fun hanging out with.
Eric Rosenbaum: tammy really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The great year plus that we've been doing this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): got a lot of good new character ideas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great character ideas.
Mike: juice choice to the situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean there's a whole nother art to play, you know, maybe those characters can rescue us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those characters can fucking rescue us.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Cod like you don't see this but seeker you see to kind of step around the corner and begin to walk towards the door and then just vanish like everybody else as.
Timothy Sackton: You still haven't looked around the corners that you can't see ken's out kenza you don't see anything because you're looking in the opposite direction, you can have not turned around to look out the door.
Mike: Just walk out the door.
Mike: What do you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay i'm gonna disappear to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You got you got the faith thing you can reroll it you finish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, why why why why look at the door, we know what's gonna happen like what well okay let's say the soup we make a saving throw them away.
Mike: Maybe knock over the Chair.
Mike: Why is there a chair facing the door.
Mike: yeah that's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): empty chair.
Timothy Sackton: that's like reach out behind you and knock over the Chair without looking.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you hear something.
Timothy Sackton: Something metal.
Timothy Sackton: clanking to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: In addition to the wooden chair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can, I can I reach and birds like touch the metal thing.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or poke at it with my staff.
Mike: i'll poke don't touch it tim's gonna say Christmas Eve.
i'll poke it with my son.
Timothy Sackton: And it sounds like you're tapping on metal.
Timothy Sackton: tap tap.
Timothy Sackton: it's like maybe a four foot by.
Timothy Sackton: Two foot.
Timothy Sackton: square piece of metal that now seems to be lying on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You guys think should I look at it and see what it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: ken's i'm gonna i'm gonna come in blindfolded so I find a scrap of something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, a handful of myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm also just going to try to walk backwards.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: into the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: No chance of seeing anything but i'm gonna go slowly kenza let me know if i'm going to step on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't see you, so I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, listen to the sound of my voice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay we're getting closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're facing back right ken's okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's facing away from the door makeup.
Timothy Sackton: you're getting closer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so it takes us quarter stuff and shirt taps out in front, this is, this is where my stuff is to stop is about two feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You back up into a staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, on the ground is right behind you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as as this metal Square.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to crouch down face the same way Kansas facing and try to feel around the middle Square and try to understand everything I can about it.
Timothy Sackton: make an investigation check with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: whoa whoa I run pretty good um well, you have a plus 10 that helps ah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's it's like us.
Timothy Sackton: Smooth metal on this side, it almost feels like maybe um The other side is even smoother like it's been polished or maybe it's coated with glass or something and there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Lip.
Mike: tech technically that should have been a disadvantage.
Mike: He has advantage and all his intelligence checks.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you're right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, no he doesn't anymore, because God it's gone.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: The 18 was plenty good enough you're right.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's it's it could be a mirror kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the class side facing down.
Timothy Sackton: Down yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, all the class sizes from the person down yeah.
Timothy Sackton: currently facing down.
Mike: Are you saying that concentration ends on spouse.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, why would.
Mike: Why would it.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: he's not that that's right So yes, you still have a straight or not, the spell is still active.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it could be that the weird lantern thing is causing the effect of disappearing and friends, it could be that this mirror thing would cause that to occur.
Eric Rosenbaum: The line.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: say that if we What if we smash the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of our friends up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Along the everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got we got to think kenza.
Eric Rosenbaum: Winter cod came in.
Eric Rosenbaum: The mirror was up right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah everybody that disappeared, possibly saw the mirror set true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, so now that its face down, it should be totally safe and we can just look right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we're i'm looking right now I already have my Bible i'm just looking at.
Timothy Sackton: or you're looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I thought that's how that's how it looked at the whole room right because I was looking at it.
Timothy Sackton: Never looking at the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I look at the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rule facing back yeah, and so the mirror is on the ground behind this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you kicked it over that.
Mike: You know which side is up.
Eric Rosenbaum: We that's facing damage.
Mike: Presumably, is facing down because otherwise yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think, bring them you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like in front of us, so that it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like like slide it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: away but we're now looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, like Okay, so now now i'm looking at the back of the back of the objects.
Timothy Sackton: you're looking at the.
Timothy Sackton: back of a silver silver.
Timothy Sackton: piece of metal the back of a mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now i'm on blindfolded looking at the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're looking at the back of your any other anything else we heard about the mirror how big is mere.
Timothy Sackton: About four feet by two feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's fairly big.
Eric Rosenbaum: uh.
Eric Rosenbaum: uh maybe kensal maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can remove the spill from this mirror and that will bring our friends back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's a reasonable plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to tell that mirror is magic I mean it's almost really matter.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike: If you get dealt with back.
Timothy Sackton: Does anybody have to tech magic I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know I think it's worth it, how many do you have left.
Timothy Sackton: You do have identify you didn't use your.
Mike: Data fi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use your goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: goggles they do.
Mike: It for this emergency.
Mike: Emergency.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gave away today, I already gave kenzo inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, OK, I will I will ceremonially.
Eric Rosenbaum: place the.
Eric Rosenbaum: faceted purple goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: And look at the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make em still keeping it face down.
Eric Rosenbaum: still face down okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'll say making our content check your casting identify right.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: 23.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Mike: ethically you have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sharon again to see if I could yep.
yeah.
Mike: 26.
Timothy Sackton: it's convenient ticker that you only use your skills that you have plus 10.
Timothy Sackton: So you spend you spend it some good amount of time examining the mirror and there's this there's there's script running all along the edge of the back of the mirror like in.
Timothy Sackton: A number of different languages, all kind of blending together in a way that you can't you can't quite read but it's but it's obvious that this mirror is is highly magical and, although you are not entirely sure completely all of its properties i'm.
Timothy Sackton: With the aid of magic and you're sort of skill in our corner, you are able to identify this as a mirror of life trapping.
Timothy Sackton: And such.
like that.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who views their reflection in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: is at least potentially trapped.
Eric Rosenbaum: So nasty here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we release them.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I send away for the manual for the mirror of life trapping.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at the troubleshooting section.
Timothy Sackton: there.
Timothy Sackton: That well there's so.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, how do you release them um.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just see.
John Leeker: Like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Half of the script was like plastic bags are not a toy.
Timothy Sackton: Please yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Packaging responsibly.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So there are there are you, you get the sense that that's there's like complex magic here that you'd have to study it for some time to know all of the.
Timothy Sackton: ins and outs of this item, but there are two clear ways to release people from this mirror if it's broken if it's destroyed everybody trapped in it will be freed.
Timothy Sackton: Alternatively, if you know the.
Timothy Sackton: The cell that the creature is trapped in.
Timothy Sackton: And you call out a cell by number the creature trapped in that cell will be released.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Timothy Sackton: There are 12 cells in total.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To the cells fill in numerical order.
Timothy Sackton: You would gas, yes, but you don't know for sure.
Timothy Sackton: I guess with that Arc on and with.
Timothy Sackton: identify Yes, they fill in numerical.
Eric Rosenbaum: We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know how many have been filled.
Eric Rosenbaum: And anybody could be in there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now, so you could.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just start at 12 and work your way backwards.
Mike: Right.
Mike: yeah God either is in 12 for nobody's in 12 has to be in the highest number one.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we're channeling our rationality of our friends kenzo even though we're like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're live on the ground, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by default, but not blindfolded touching the fucking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bullshit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay kenza.
Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait okay okay let's just open them up one, at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay we're gonna sell 12.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right let's go let's go.
Timothy Sackton: 123 1111 nothing happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to worry.
Timothy Sackton: 10 nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: so good.
Timothy Sackton: 1239 nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Okay, and eight.
Timothy Sackton: Eight Jakarta peers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where does he show up actually.
Timothy Sackton: Like on top of well like five feet away from the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm towards the door.
John Leeker: feet of me just a few.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep hey okay.
John Leeker: yeah it was.
John Leeker: Very white a strange missed, I can only see about 10 feet around me was weird not unpleasant just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you see our companions.
John Leeker: I saw no one else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well you're about to see 123.
Timothy Sackton: actually say 123.
No.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with of yours.
Thank goodness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and six.
Timothy Sackton: Six wow be appears.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A blank sheet of paper and hold it up i've prepared a detailed map.
Mike: It was.
Eric Rosenbaum: will add that to the Atlas.
Mike: What is the.
Mike: What is the writing of the bachelor say TIM.
Timothy Sackton: i'm oh yeah you can read all writing ah, so the the.
Timothy Sackton: The writing on the back, is a is a list of.
Timothy Sackton: it's basically just explaining the the architecture of the item it's describes the that it takes you to an end, you know sort of a.
Timothy Sackton: combination of like a incantation that sort of is creating a extra dimensional space and then it's interspersed with numbers one through 12 in.
Timothy Sackton: Each in sort of a different language like ancient last languages like there's some you know well, I didn't drink Korean was a few and drink Korean but others and even older languages somehow deep in the history of you know, car and or something like that um.
Timothy Sackton: And then, after each number it's sort of like it's a number and then like a not really a description, but like a magical incantation that seems to create the space.
Mike: But no further instructions on how to use it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you get the sense that, like if you could erase the writing you would destroy yourself.
Timothy Sackton: it's like the writing somehow.
Timothy Sackton: creates the South.
Eric Rosenbaum: We now have a conundrum.
Mike: But is there any way to find out.
Mike: who's in a cell without freeing them.
Eric Rosenbaum: One way lesson is.
Eric Rosenbaum: is the enemy of our enemy our friend.
Mike: No, not necessarily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well before we do anything else i'm done with now that you've done your.
Mike: magical in here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What you know now that you've been trapped in other extra dimensional spaces like what's your airbnb review of like this one versus the other one that you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ad in the better worse.
Mike: You prefer.
Mike: pain and suffering or infinite boredom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: boredom.
Mike: Then pick this one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): would be a good one, like if you had a lot of work like if you're the book, you want to turn right, this would be perfect.
John Leeker: Please could you like store things in there, like physical things.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike: we're gonna have a collection of mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: guys, as you can tell, the only thing it does is only traps people.
Timothy Sackton: creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Is not trapped.
Timothy Sackton: Up you can't just hold an object up and it doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't incredibly powerful, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could trapped like some huge ass like murdering dragon in there, we could like you know I mean it's like this, we got this is a very you gotta keep the same.
covered.
John Leeker: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's really.
Mike: Do we know, the only way to activate it.
Mike: is to look at it.
Timothy Sackton: The only way to get trapped in it, if you.
Timothy Sackton: Look at it yeah okay.
Mike: So can we like carefully with like lots of tape cover it up, so he can accidentally what got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A mirror.
Mike: So, like when we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Money yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll make like a little wrapper for it yeah yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm looking around to see if there's any other figurines for figuring people.
Mike: i'm looking to see if.
Eric Rosenbaum: anything's magical with.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's a lot of magic in here.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So on the shelf there's about 10 different things that are magical.
Timothy Sackton: The tea kettle has magical move the sword is magical one of the cloaks that's a nice.
Mike: Work there's a sword.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah oh yeah there's a sword.
i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sweet staff as magical thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know what that lantern was with the moaning.
Timothy Sackton: The lantern has managed.
Timothy Sackton: was a sort there's like.
Timothy Sackton: there's the shelf and stuff in the back and then there's like a.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: umbrella stand, but with like weapons in it, one of which is a magical sword, and then hanging on the wall next to it there's like some cloaks and stuff one of the cloaks is magical.
Timothy Sackton: um and then on the.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like i'm next to that so there's the table with the tea kettles than this like a stool in a smaller table off in the shadows, a little bit to the side and there's magic coming from there as well.
Timothy Sackton: And there's about 1210 or 12 things that are magical on the shelves like this candle there's like.
Timothy Sackton: A couple of the bottles are magical um.
Mike: So I will.
Mike: identify i'll point out to everybody, what the magical things are.
Mike: So that.
Mike: Without like this certainly moving them or anything I just want us to be able to come back and collect them later.
Mike: If my I mean I can always read this like magic but, and then I agree with secret, we want to try and find any way there's got to be other people here just two more people are working.
John Leeker: And there's also for people in the mirror still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 5555 which.
Eric Rosenbaum: meal idea yeah.
But.
Mike: i'm a little hesitant to just free random people mirror really nice if we could find a way to.
John Leeker: kind of craft.
John Leeker: Amir where once they pop out of the mirror, we see who they are, they see the reflection on the other.
John Leeker: To go.
John Leeker: To the meteor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secondly, I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: And whether it works.
Mike: Or if that's a Defense it might be that the reflection of this mirror is not actually dangerous like.
John Leeker: one of us can pop in and test it.
John Leeker: Because.
Mike: that's true there's no.
Mike: there's no risk right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow what a cool idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can hide in the inside the mirror at any time actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we see somebody outside that knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we all go in.
and
Mike: that's how we could set that we could do it kept paid set of thousand years in the future.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, if we needed as a fail safe, we could have something fall on the mirror later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to release for everybody there's a lot we can do with this, this is really cool I love.
John Leeker: The boulders for.
John Leeker: It can this fall down and.
Mike: Hopefully i'll your boulder if we accidentally all end up in the mirror.
smashing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect um.
Mike: I think we should try and find the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: People.
John Leeker: Who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there to other rooms, to look at yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we we've collected all the magic items and we're continuing to.
Mike: Yet, but.
Mike: Do we think there's more trap been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, Fuck yes, I like their know, like the servants there someplace there either in the mirror or there you know, but he said fucking Derek said that they were there were there were more people in your servants in here.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any sign of a have any like bulkhead down into a sub.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scobie a basement.
area.
Eric Rosenbaum: creepy basement.
Timothy Sackton: Not in this room that you can see.
Mike: that's what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was like hopping around to the staff, you know looking for looking for hall floor.
Mike: there's is this room up here does it just isn't have a door, or is it like.
Timothy Sackton: This is like a quarter that then goes in to this here is a quarter and then there's like a door door that opens and closes here, this is just an opening in the wall.
Mike: So let's walk so First, I think we should collect all the items that are magic and leave them on the table i'll use them a chance to do it, so we don't touch anything.
Okay.
John Leeker: We could just have somebody hold the mirror and be the one that walks into the room first anything in there should get trapped in the mirror.
John Leeker: spots.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, but then we don't learn anything we can either release them or trap them.
John Leeker: promote we can release them in a controlled setting that we can.
Mike: release them right away right, we could.
Look at the room and then release.
Eric Rosenbaum: seem to come.
Mike: Where they could make their Christmas yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We said we seem bad at that.
John Leeker: So what's the plan.
let's.
Mike: let's open this door let's.
Mike: check for traps and open the door that one in here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yes and yes.
Timothy Sackton: cool sorry what which one this one.
Mike: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a makeup perception check whoever's searching.
Timothy Sackton: seems fine I mean this just a like um it's not locked or barter anyway it's just a like a thin wooden wall with a thin wooden door.
Mike: All right, i'm gonna push it open with a chance, but i'm not gonna walk through just yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: We learned our lesson about looking.
Timothy Sackton: lads open.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh look through.
Timothy Sackton: there's there's like this seems to be like like a storage area there's.
Timothy Sackton: Like three large sacks of.
Timothy Sackton: Like flower like ones like flower ones, barley there's like grains spilling out of the top of them.
Timothy Sackton: there's also a couple of barrels of.
Timothy Sackton: Something in here.
Timothy Sackton: and three.
Timothy Sackton: Heavy steel shields are decorated with the veering courses are piled in the corner.
Mike: couple things is anything magical.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing in this room is magical.
Mike: Is the food all good or is it spoiled.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, are you like poking through it or jolly.
Mike: poke around that mean i'm proficient in cooks utensils presumably i've summer good job.
Eric Rosenbaum: um let's.
Timothy Sackton: See, so the socks are.
Timothy Sackton: They seem.
Timothy Sackton: They like clink oddly when you poke around.
Mike: Like there's something more than grain in there.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Open one up.
Timothy Sackton: The first one that you open up when you.
Timothy Sackton: cut it open and the flower pours out there's.
Timothy Sackton: A few thousand coins i'm.
Timothy Sackton: of various denominations and metals from more than a dozen different kingdoms scattered instant amongst the flower.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lord.
Mike: Ah let's keep working I mean probably worth collecting the money but.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um the second sack has 27 in gets of pure silver each weighing a pound.
Mike: wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: need to find a place to store all of our shit like all this leg because.
Mike: I add.
Mike: anything we want with this buddy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it all up on one person just absolutely cover them in backpacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then boom the year.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then they can come out without the backpacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a backpack still be in the mirror we.
John Leeker: don't have all the stuff in our pockets remained with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm that's an interesting idea to store the stuff inside the mirror.
Mike: We have to start with somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The store the other mirror inside the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What seemed to fit that mirror than inside this mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): love it when he was like a Butler to live in the mirror.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's like working on a really extensive fantasy series.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rr Martin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: him in the mirror.
With all of our stuff.
Mike: Is this food justice guys it doesn't seem like it's also what they're eating like is it.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike: 30 cooking equipment here.
Timothy Sackton: No there's medical equipment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He sells got like a different author.
Timothy Sackton: The third sack has.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: small wooden box that holds six small statuettes on each of them have a different farm animal.
Timothy Sackton: and also a small soapstone figure carved in the likeness of a man on a horse.
Mike: magic.
Timothy Sackton: Not magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: figurines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game 10 how fun was distributed make up all the shit that I got that has, like all the weird shit that I got to has.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was.
Pretty fun.
Timothy Sackton: All be trapped in the mirror but okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we're gonna trust there.
Timothy Sackton: I was gonna do like a six month time skipping some random person was to come find you and break the mirror.
wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be pretty amazing excellent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would have been awesome I could have been longer than six months.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could have gone that way definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally good and we're so we're very close to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Going that way because 60% of the way there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike: So this food is not, this is not like a kitchen this isn't like.
Mike: it's not like, no matter.
Mike: Now it's just a hiding spot.
John Leeker: Yes, hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any like holes in the floor under it or trap doors.
Timothy Sackton: or doesn't seem to be a basement.
Timothy Sackton: In this from either.
Mike: Is it just a three sacks in here.
Timothy Sackton: are two barrels as well.
Mike: what's in the barrels.
Timothy Sackton: This seems to be water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the room.
Okay.
Mike: let's.
Mike: collect all the stuff.
Mike: And then go to the next room.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The next room ah.
Timothy Sackton: So this one doesn't have a door um so just sort of peeking inside slightly this looks like a bedroom there's a bed um there is a bad a chair and a small table and like a.
Timothy Sackton: table slash like workbench area sitting.
Timothy Sackton: On the floor next to the bed.
Timothy Sackton: Is a.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a young woman with like sort of vacant eyes and indistinct features kind of blobby almost um.
Timothy Sackton: Which doesn't seem to move.
Timothy Sackton: just sitting there there's a faint like buzzing sound coming from it.
Mike: Like Is this a flash does it look like it's not she's not made of wood or.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, made a flash.
John Leeker: Could I um is there any magic doesn't.
John Leeker: show it.
Timothy Sackton: There is, so there is magic in this room, the, in particular the workbench.
Timothy Sackton: Has on it a jar of like a party like brown substance which is magical.
Mike: But she's not.
Timothy Sackton: She is not.
Mike: Does she look at all, like the young woman with dark brown skin.
Now.
John Leeker: um I would cause a healer so he his instinct is a medicine chat just.
John Leeker: rise up the right check for that just to like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can do medicine check.
John Leeker: As a.
John Leeker: sick person.
Timothy Sackton: This doesn't really seem to be a.
Timothy Sackton: person like you product at it's not like moving in the way flash should move and, in fact, every time you sort of come close to it and, like try and lift up its arm hear this like buzzing noise gets louder.
Timothy Sackton: But it's like totally an artist like when you drop it when you pick up an arm and then drop the arm it doesn't do anything.
cool wasps or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Mike: insects buzzing.
Timothy Sackton: Like insect buzzing yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So fucking tired of bugs.
Mike: No sign so far of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A young woman or the middle aged man.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't seen any people.
Timothy Sackton: The I mean there's the.
Timothy Sackton: main room had a table and chairs and the tea kettle this room, has the bad the other room at barrels and store room there's no basement I mean you didn't really examine the other room that closely you just kind of took a quick glance.
David Schwartz: People like me double wouldn't person.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can.
Timothy Sackton: poke around at the table.
David Schwartz: yeah won't do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well remember the lantern that was moaning.
Mike: yeah we should look at that.
Timothy Sackton: makeup makeup perception check lobby.
David Schwartz: So my computer died and I forgot to bring a charger home with it, so can someone else for me.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, somebody will always have an ad like something large.
David Schwartz: I think.
Mike: yeah oh I shouldn't have been me.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The I mean the table is definitely made of.
Timothy Sackton: made of wood i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looking at it, it is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: It looks kind of like just a table.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's but there's something about it that kind of bothers us lately like i'm like there's a you know there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a not in the Center of it, but it seems to shift slight like as you're carefully looking at it like searching across the table like this that's not almost seems to move slightly.
David Schwartz: Oh, is it a closed I, by any chance.
Timothy Sackton: Good day.
David Schwartz: I try and open it.
Timothy Sackton: Like poke at the not.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And I opens.
David Schwartz: Oh.
Mike: What color is it.
Timothy Sackton: That is a good question.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is green.
Mike: that's the icon of the young woman.
Mike: Who their clothes are very old right these people could have been trapped for hundreds of years.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the table in the bedroom or the main room.
Timothy Sackton: In the main room.
Eric Rosenbaum: The chairs there weird yeah we should look carefully at the weird.
John Leeker: One nice chair and to crappy chairs.
Timothy Sackton: When nice chair three crappy chairs.
John Leeker: or copy chairs.
Mike: And what about the bed, is it doesn't have like a headboard or.
Timothy Sackton: No, that is, is just it's, not even a real bad it's just like a mattress it's a straw matches on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it looks look closely at the Nice chair yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a presumption check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Anybody.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody else can search to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me well for a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While for shorts.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God i'm like save us save us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you spend some time kind of just poking around and looking but you do eventually well be does kind of realize that this Chair also seems to have.
Timothy Sackton: His.
Eric Rosenbaum: son.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I think I have energy remaining actually do I gosh.
Eric Rosenbaum: To.
Eric Rosenbaum: to release the inhabitants of the Chair and the table.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah just.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I begin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With where we were before you do before you do let's think for a second, how do we get out of here with everybody like might be easier for us to escape with them as a table in a chair or actually as people.
John Leeker: That we'd have was people, we can put them in the mirror that's 12.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit we can put people in the mirror, I was to go back in the mirror that you just a lot of trust, but you know that's fine.
Mike: yeah I guess.
Mike: I can't be too.
John Leeker: thrilled with that, to be fair, they don't have to consent to.
John Leeker: Going in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Next, can be the adventure of.
Timothy Sackton: hunting this party.
David Schwartz: Is it also possible that they're totally insane after hundreds of years as furniture.
Yes.
Mike: I was wondering if will be worth seeing if they can respond blink blink once for yes blink.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Twice that's a good idea.
David Schwartz: yeah let's do that wait no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good good idea.
John Leeker: Could they be telepathically talk to.
David Schwartz: Oh yeah I can i'll try talking to them.
David Schwartz: Nice in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to say.
David Schwartz: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you want to get.
David Schwartz: killed I gotcha and.
David Schwartz: we've rescued so far to have your companions trapped this way.
David Schwartz: Are you still in there.
David Schwartz: Think once we know you can just talk to me.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You you get the sense that there.
Timothy Sackton: Is um mind here.
Timothy Sackton: By, but not one that really remembers how to speak.
Timothy Sackton: it's not can't like coherently respond to you.
Timothy Sackton: it's not um.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a beast it's almost like an infant.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's had a rough century.
John Leeker: We show it the statue the to stash to see if it sees itself.
John Leeker: or sees the part of who was.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an interesting idea.
David Schwartz: After 11 years as the scarecrow another dude was you know halfway shattered they've been in here for centuries and centuries.
David Schwartz: I don't know that there's anything that we can do.
David Schwartz: it's going to put them back together again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you know centuries and centuries.
Eric Rosenbaum: into clothing.
David Schwartz: yeah dress.
Mike: Whether I think logic years hundred years we don't know but.
David Schwartz: We should bring them with us.
David Schwartz: They just may not be competent on there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean, I think this that we could leave in the care of chicken and you know see if they can be nursed back to some some semblance of problem.
Mike: Or, if not, at least, they could be released to be with their gods right, I mean.
Mike: Big crowds table is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, my my only question is, do we do this here, or do we do this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How big is the Chair.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's like a pretty good sized chair it's like you know, a it's clearly like the the you know it's like an armchair sighs chair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, wait so hold on just how are we getting out of here, because if we try to go through the grove of trees that they're going to try to kill us we don't want to do that we really want to fly back out, we need to spend the night here on the grounds.
Mike: Not just it.
David Schwartz: Like not a good idea.
David Schwartz: You can go in the mirror.
Mike: And all fly out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still, let us out again and I could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the guy was.
Mike: This bow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The guy with the sector of power and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1000 years later.
David Schwartz: it's just fine for me.
Mike: Exact I don't know that.
Mike: Jared would be willing and i'm not comfortable forcing him.
David Schwartz: Well, we could only come in from the north through that.
David Schwartz: path, but perhaps we can go out different ways.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Absolutely scout before return before we turn the furniture back into humans, because once they're humans, we don't know what state they're in what you know I think we should have a plan of escape before we before we do anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we can fly out.
Mike: Is there anything else.
Mike: Here that.
David Schwartz: Well there's evil find a hill.
Mike: there's evil vine Hill, which is going to.
Mike: The House there's the hill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah yeah you.
David Schwartz: can believe you should drop the rock on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And let.
Mike: The House.
John Leeker: The House.
Eric Rosenbaum: So much old enough but.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is interesting right could we can we actually store things inside the other dimension.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like if you're holding an object, can you go inside and then drop the object and then come back out and will the object stay inside the pocket in the cell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we better try it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we try it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because, then we could take all of the positions that are here that are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: magical there's a lot of stuff here right.
David Schwartz: I mean the description that we got before suggested that it only traps life that it's it can't hold things in the absence.
David Schwartz: Of a living being so it's entirely possible that, like if we went in and drop stuff off and left like maybe that stuff disappears, maybe it gets cleaned out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well, we can try and experiment with them, you know, like something that we know is an important.
John Leeker: We also we know for a fact, because when we disappeared in there, we returned with our staffs are weapons are ringing.
Mike: Try leaving it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't try.
John Leeker: dropping.
John Leeker: But we could just take.
John Leeker: Somebody could carry it and we just take turns on the trip back.
David Schwartz: yeah.
Mike: For sure if somebody goes in the mirror.
John Leeker: yeah.
Mike: They could go in, I mean, can you go in with stuff you can't carry Probably not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right that's i'm saying, could you be holding the Chair going in there and then just stay there with the chair and then come back out and then, once we're all back in.
Mike: here.
Mike: Is that the Chair would stay here and only you would get.
Mike: My guess is that's like.
David Schwartz: On your body.
Mike: On your body.
John Leeker: weight, who assumes if the mirror looks at are these people living enough to be trapped in the mirror, as they are.
John Leeker: shared.
John Leeker: they're not there something in between, and I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's actually not a bad idea, we can just try to trap one in there now and see if it works.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's got eyes.
John Leeker: That may.
Mike: be quite uncomfortable.
John Leeker: We can kill we tell them.
Mike: dungeons are not.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're not toys yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but it is it's a very practical question of how we're supposed to fly out of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either the people are.
here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, how do we check him.
Mike: First, I think we need to see what.
Mike: I think the first step is to see maybe we can just walk out of here to the north.
David Schwartz: Can you go mean if we had if we had a powerful magic item that allowed us to command others.
David Schwartz: command them.
David Schwartz: To get out even if.
Mike: You know they didn't have a mental fact, the real question is, if we had a powerful magical item that was command others could we command the fly to obey us.
Timothy Sackton: Two days before you can use the fly again so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can we carry one or two people.
John Leeker: So Chicago trying to keep everything straight, we have two pieces of furniture that have trapped people that maybe have gotten Feral in the possible centuries.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus hassling.
John Leeker: What happened sitting in a well plus five people already in than me or five creatures of unknown.
John Leeker: True yeah they can be.
John Leeker: villain is or.
John Leeker: Anything could be anything.
David Schwartz: Right, I think it's also important not to forget, there is a skin suit filled with wasps like 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forget about that.
Mike: I got about that.
Mike: So that would be a good place to maybe drop the rock.
John Leeker: And the last one just go everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: I think you've got like maybe less than five minutes left on the rock at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's parked safely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, to be just want a boulder wait wait wait, can we use the boulder dam.
Timothy Sackton: tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Long rest yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so let's just see that.
Timothy Sackton: not true, you can spend a third level stuff like that again.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but we can we can go and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grab all.
David Schwartz: We can put the furniture intensive this and it'll follow.
Mike: One of like follow the right only go down feet won't fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't think.
Mike: tenders can go.
Timothy Sackton: it's low altitude wonkette yeah I won't go more than.
Timothy Sackton: Three feet above the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Land speed or through the desert, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, but we can we can set up camp like you know, on the outskirts of the forest of the fucking creepy for us and then just do trips but boulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and get everything.
David Schwartz: Oh, we could do trips yeah.
David Schwartz: That is a great.
Mike: thinker don't you have that item that once you restore spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have a single pearl of power bonus spell slot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true you don't even have to use that item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right let's just do two trips right now we got five minutes let's let's you know let's let's drop off say dealt with make some good camps that make a nice dinner post, the Chair and the halfway will love it well we'll have secret cast the boulder spell again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will load as much as we can and will just go back and forth during that 45 minutes and get everything that we cannot have here.
David Schwartz: And we already have the perfect besides boulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we have a folder.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's true.
John Leeker: Do we need to make a point to destroy these trees before we leave, since they are attacking.
David Schwartz: I think we should leave them here on the chart audience come.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that idea I.
Mike: I kind of think we might want to destroy her house, but I must concerned with the trees I just it feels like there's things we're not finding here feels like there's something still here that's going.
Mike: To come out at night and.
David Schwartz: I agree, I think one group goes in the other preps to burn the House, and he will bind bill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but let's well since we've got five minutes should be start transporting at least Garrett Garrett, out of here set up camp outside.
Timothy Sackton: Finally, they don't have time.
Timothy Sackton: Five minutes isn't enough time to.
Timothy Sackton: get past the trees.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, well, but once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once secret.
Timothy Sackton: Then we've got what 45 minutes, an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An hour and how long does it take to fly from here to like you know, a place, we can set up camp on the outskirts of the forest.
Timothy Sackton: Like 20 minutes, maybe just to get from here to the very other side of the forest, not to get far away from it, but.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that 1520 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: So you really only be able to do one trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Schwartz: But that's a trip that's one trip out and then back out again.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait out back and out.
Timothy Sackton: If you are very efficient you could do from from the House to.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond the trees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the House and then bind to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This tree can do this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's take all the shit that we want to lead to actually take out of the House, bring it outside the House organize it in a way that it's easy to put on the boulder and then.
Mike: there's nothing very large right.
John Leeker: Wait why can't we just give a bigger bolder what's the size limit.
Timothy Sackton: This is about the biggest boulder that you can animate.
David Schwartz: anymore spice bells.
Mike: yeah one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think we kept we've already got the solution right let's just do the ferry system let's do the ferry system do one round of stuff spend one night tamp outside of forests and then come back and finish the job tomorrow after see to get.
David Schwartz: As much distance as we possibly can between us in this place yeah.
John Leeker: Why don't we just move everything out and then destroy it.
So.
David Schwartz: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's move it, but I mean, because now we're we're in under know time pressure right, this was going to dissipate anyways so let's just get everything that we think is valuable out of the place burn it and then and then secret can cast the spell and we'll move all the shirt right now.
David Schwartz: Yes, this little bit we're on that the House is built on a natural bill.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I was wondering yeah it seems.
Timothy Sackton: Natural yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could I use folders to.
Eric Rosenbaum: My house.
Eric Rosenbaum: to collapse it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
John Leeker: also means seeker can also use them old earth to the creepy hills thorns to make sure.
John Leeker: We can just marry stuff right we move.
John Leeker: I put cubes out provides a can trip, so I can just yep.
John Leeker: Barry.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we could do that together yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike: You guys like we're gonna take every item that's magical out of the House.
Yes.
Mike: And the money and the figurines.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything of value that we want to take out.
John Leeker: get it Oh, the wall wasp lady.
Mike: um.
Mike: Can we just ignore her and burn the House and see what happens.
David Schwartz: like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: might be a real person, though.
It.
John Leeker: Can you telepathically talk to her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah try.
talking to her.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
No, you get no response.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not a person.
David Schwartz: i'm not gonna try speaking to those animals.
David Schwartz: yeah that's not a person.
Mike: Probably the bad bugs.
David Schwartz: die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean what's what's the bad bugs.
Mike: Remember the BATs at all the bugs around here we're bad because they're all really controlled by agatha and.
Mike: made into people.
David Schwartz: Right so just evil bugs will come up at night.
Mike: Maybe that's why we don't want to be here at nighttime Look, we came here, we came here to try and rescue these people we've succeeded at least partially.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's let's execute our plan get all the stuff out here.
David Schwartz: totally agree.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
John Leeker: Just to confirm so we're going to be taking at least two possibly seven people that are such a threat we're scared to deal with them to a city, full of refugees, I was recently just destroyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there's no recycling facilities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But where the seven people that were scared of.
What are you talking about.
John Leeker: yeah.
John Leeker: In the mirror the mirror.
Mike: what's talking about those yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their safety trap, as long as we don't crack the mirror so let's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've got to bring them into the city either.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoever's going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even better, even better, will show them your to the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The mirror to the fucking here and I will reveal this inside.
Eric Rosenbaum: boom perfect.
Mike: Oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we show up late, if you show the mirror to them okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's gonna happen, I can show them here to the mirror right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because both mirrors.
David Schwartz: parentheses, and it just goes into.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly the entire world will.
Timothy Sackton: cease to exist, but not likely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's what we'll do we show the marriage of the mirror and that will that will reveal.
Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's very exciting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, very cool this let's get the shit out of here.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Just.
Mike: guide them.
Timothy Sackton: So, so you take out everything that looks valuable and it's magical.
David Schwartz: yeah yeah.
Mike: Right yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ladies lay it all out on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
we're like oh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah all the coins all the figurines as there's a bunch of like there's like the porcelain tea kettle I mean tea service there's like a bunch of things that seem to be valuable on this like giant shelf of knickknacks in addition to a bunch of magic.
Timothy Sackton: So you take everything out.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know organize it on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Using may change as much as possible.
Timothy Sackton: Go convince Garrett, to come out of the well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And does anyone have like sleep or something like that in case he's like too crazy reading, just like knock them out and then wake them up later.
You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean he's he's A meeting was to get out here with us.
Timothy Sackton: You know he's yeah he's I mean he's somebody make a persuasion check.
Mike: have not rolled above a five all night.
Timothy Sackton: he's he's scared I mean he's he's reluctant.
Because.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: he's you know yeah kenzo suit is soothing and you know he's he's I mean he's just.
Timothy Sackton: Like the whole thing is just too much for him, like too many.
Timothy Sackton: You know story is from the past did tales of grand jury in and magic is just one step too far, and he um.
Timothy Sackton: But, but can sell kind of students and many comes out of the well and he's he's pretty skeptical of this plan, but as long as as long as well being and kenzo are on the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: boulder.
Timothy Sackton: Are on the boulder with him he's willing.
Timothy Sackton: To he can tolerate like 20 minutes he's not going to like sit on the boulder much longer, but um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess actually he seeker as the one who freedom, so he does trust seeker actually as long as that secret magic he's like on board with that.
David Schwartz: I will be on separate trips because we've got the sending stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And then secret spends a spouse lot to animate the boulder again.
Timothy Sackton: And who's who's going first.
John Leeker: There Todd can start helping set up the camp because of his survival skills and background.
Great.
Timothy Sackton: So, like cod and the table.
Timothy Sackton: And maybe some of the knickknacks and stuff could go on the first trip.
John Leeker: yeah at least one other person, just in case.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could fit the half lines under the table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so Oh, and actually you've got the communication stone to so we can talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah kenza will stay at the House spit that we've dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Okay first first trip wait, are you burning down the House before you start any trips.
David Schwartz: I see them for the end yeah I agree.
Timothy Sackton: yeah second track who's gone on the second trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So everybody else right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
Mike: Secret Delhi all go into the second trip.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we all go on the set like we all leave and then we come back tomorrow in the House.
Mike: Now we should burn the House down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we burn it down to burn.
Mike: burn it now.
John Leeker: i'm.
John Leeker: Okay, what happens if something comes out of the burning fire was only two people there.
David Schwartz: You should start the fire right as you're leaving.
David Schwartz: You should burn down evil vine hill so.
Eric Rosenbaum: The situation.
David Schwartz: Oh, you should do is flap a bunch of that flower into the air inside the House and see can get it to explode.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need to step away for a second, I think the cat trapped himself behind the bookcase.
Mike: Just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go for it.
um.
David Schwartz: Which is not a thing i'm making up or Celeste flower is literally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah do do we need to do like another investigation checklist to make sure there's not because, like you know just to make sure we're not missing something in this House.
John Leeker: Before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that.
Timothy Sackton: During your connections kind of cutting out there.
John Leeker: I didn't say anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: short.
John Leeker: was talking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worse.
David Schwartz: I was saying i'm slightly unsettled by how easy to see me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well wasn't that easy.
John Leeker: I mean we've all were also I being super cautious there's still we're taking all the threatening things and we're sleeping with them when I can so.
Mike: I think there's much more to this.
Mike: place that we are not going to find I just don't think we want to find it.
I agree.
David Schwartz: Oh.
Mike: yeah I think we, we want to we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on hold on hold on but let's just think for a second here talk to okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are chardon ian's right now they're all of these different entities that are like looking for crazy items okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That are looking for weird magic items part of some larger like game that instead of games that we aren't even totally aware of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have an opportunity, right now, where we are the first to go and actually be at the nexus of light places where they're like if she's got a mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or you can start people where the Puck is her mirror for storing the objects, whereas like the fucking tavern of like super crazy and got this shit because she's how old is she she's like centuries.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has been true now.
Mike: I mean we just took 15 magic items that at her house.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many.
Like 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't you think that she has more than 15 magic items.
Mike: While we took.
Mike: Seven more off her body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All i'm saying is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, this is both in game and Meta game like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the likelihood that I gotta hasn't per possession a pivotal item that is of critical importance to the fate of algar is high, in my opinion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, you wouldn't have all the fucking charting you've got garage all these little fuckers are like looking for like these very weird special magic items and we are here like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We killed the lady that like like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is notorious for centuries of making deals to acquire weird items right.
Timothy Sackton: Like a magic items is like a huge amount.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it yeah it's like a dragon.
Timothy Sackton: that's like dragon stash amount that's a lot of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right, so if we feel good about that then.
Mike: I also just think go ahead.
David Schwartz: And do that you know it's just saying If those are the books journals like she ran contracts with people.
Mike: I went to look for any writing.
David Schwartz: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah definitely external asha.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: make a make an investigation check.
Mike: Somebody else should do that to listen, this is terrible.
David Schwartz: tool for me.
Mike: I look at all the good rolled up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a 24 for for for shorts oh no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, there you go.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah I mean you spend some time searching around there's not like a lot of notes, it seemed like she didn't like you didn't write out contracts, she sort of kept things in her head um you do find a sheaf of of papers talked in the.
Timothy Sackton: end in the bedroom.
Timothy Sackton: That you can grab.
David Schwartz: Okay, was there anything interesting in the Barclays.
Timothy Sackton: there's not really a fireplace there was a like a open.
Timothy Sackton: fireplace in the Center of the room to there was a black iron tea kettle On top of that, and then the chimney above.
John Leeker: hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else that like you know we kind of turned the whole House, I read and we took all the potions all like everything else that we, the only thing that we're leaving is like that the skin, full of wasps and like.
Timothy Sackton: you're leaving the skin, full of wasps you're leaving the other furniture, besides the table and Chair you think are people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But everything else that was like a value or looked interesting grab.
yeah.
David Schwartz: change those people back, just in case those aren't the people after all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When.
Mike: When it was burning.
David Schwartz: yeah.
Mike: If they're not the people.
Mike: yeah and then we burn the House down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can change them back into people I mean we didn't burn the House on the morrow.
Mike: let's come back in the morning and burn the House down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what i'm saying let's like just you know we can set up camp.
Mike: camp with all this stuff.
Mike: And let's turn them back into people at our camp and see what happens.
Mike: And we can come back in the morning and we can burn the House down.
Mike: it's sat here for.
David Schwartz: Two weeks don't think somebody was gonna come out of it at night, trying to kill us like isn't that kind of standard operating procedure for these things.
Mike: Were.
Mike: far enough away, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean it's got the protection of that like that it's already got like the haunted forest that we didn't even go inside that we flew over so most people are getting eaten by the haunted forest.
Mike: and
Mike: If something evil comes out will kill it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're we're five mighty warriors.
David Schwartz: Well, if you take the slow look around.
Mike: Like two and a half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you're ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: tim's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're safe here that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will bring the House in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't turn them back into humans burn the House in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: So your last trip on the.
Timothy Sackton: boulder you fly again, leaving the House as it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right last last moment.
Timothy Sackton: Chicago and then you.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you making camp.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are these questions, saying why are you asking all these questions.
Mike: I think we should be making camp back at the Kenyan wherever we were like when we're having our.
Timothy Sackton: site like three miles away.
John Leeker: yeah yeah.
John Leeker: that's our horses are and the extra food.
Timothy Sackton: The extra food is back bass data, but you have.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: When only one extra person, you can squeeze out.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine oh you're gonna possibly have more extra people if you turn.
Timothy Sackton: So you arrive back and calf.
Timothy Sackton: it's like 132 by the time you get there Garrett, is just totally wiped out and just slumps against the side of a Canyon and you know nods off basically it's hot it's tiring work.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: set up a nice shade structure shut up and set up a nice camp.
Mike: And let's try to spell magic I mean do you have any just fell magic's left secret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is going to have to this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought you had to dispel the two piece of furniture.
Mike: But you used one right for the.
Mike: back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, but then I have one with the pearl of power.
Mike: Okay perfect, so I use both of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can have to Maria.
John Leeker: I have an enhanced ability left as well teams.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good perfect all right there's no guarantees we actually acceptable for both of these.
Mike: Young man's ability helps.
Timothy Sackton: Give the advantage.
John Leeker: it's God wages hands upon you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I will do the.
Timothy Sackton: chair intelligence check.
Mike: A chair.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
John Leeker: Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait, should we be ready, just in case to restrain the person.
John Leeker: yeah So is there any restraining tools or things we need to have ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: Such as.
Eric Rosenbaum: pocket dimension yeah.
John Leeker: I think the mirror is the most humane way to.
John Leeker: yeah restrained some time to think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Agreed, so I take the mirror with a cloth on with like a thing on it and it just like if we need to.
John Leeker: pull up and we're all positioned in such a way not to get trapped in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so i'm going to test this build magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he said intelligence check.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 70.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that that's good.
Timothy Sackton: um which are you passing it on.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Chair.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the Chair i'm begins to again it it's sort of melts the same way as before i'm.
Timothy Sackton: up and slept like, but this takes longer than, then the scarecrow and it starts to melt a little bit and like you start to see like a face of i'm a middle aged man, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 50 or 60 just sort of start to appear and it's almost like he's he's as the wood starts to melt around him, he is like standing in the position of a chair and just falls over backwards um basically as soon as the.
Timothy Sackton: way, did you set up the mirror so that he's looking straight at the mirror.
John Leeker: So, in case something goes wrong.
John Leeker: Contingency yeah.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The he saw as as it not the way he, like just like sort of collapses backwards i'm.
Timothy Sackton: silently moaning slightly, just like whimpering slightly and then kind of doesn't move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You live.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's alive.
David Schwartz: I will personally.
Timothy Sackton: Yet.
David Schwartz: we've got the right person on that one then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So figuring broke.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody healing.
I suppose.
John Leeker: I have healing as well.
John Leeker: kinda like a medicine check tried to healing what's the.
Timothy Sackton: Car you can do a medicine jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean he's not physically wounded, he seems he seems exhausted in the hydrated but.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's more he's you know.
Timothy Sackton: He seems like not fully mentally present like almost like he's forgotten how to walk how to move is looking around like he's clearly conscious and aware of the world and there's like a hint of recognition of like.
Timothy Sackton: People.
Timothy Sackton: Although he seems like sort of confused in a bit i'm disoriented by the diverse array of races in front of him um.
Timothy Sackton: But it is very much like like an infant like he he's he's just forgotten how to do normal.
Timothy Sackton: Adult things like walk and speak.
Timothy Sackton: it's not clear that, like cure wounds would make much difference.
Eric Rosenbaum: images.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at the table.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I meditate on my pearl of power once more so to attain additional spill slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see so actually work inside the NDP and doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: Now it doesn't end beyond.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make your intelligence check.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage because of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My.
yeah.
Mike: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Oh well, does not.
Timothy Sackton: does not end.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, OK, have a table.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God damn it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will you do tomorrow.
Mike: We could try again tomorrow.
yeah.
Mike: i'm.
Mike: Speaking of tomorrow, it is.
Timothy Sackton: One yes, I was about to seth and thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta go to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: This, I think we better stop the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great session, though, thank you guys.
David Schwartz: It was really fun, this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good yeah I cannot wait to show the mirror the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was like I really can't wait to show the mirror the mirror, we have to do.